Caption: Tasmanian berry grower Nic Hansen showing Macau chef Antimo Merone around his property as part of export engagement activities.
THE RISE and rise of the Australian strawberry, raspberry and blackberry industries has seen the sectors redouble their international trade focus, with the release of a dedicated export plan to grow their global presence over the next 10 years.
Driven by significant grower input, the Berry Export Summary 2028 maps the sectors’ current position, where they want to be, high-opportunity markets and next steps.
Hort Innovation trade manager Jenny Van de Meeberg said the value and volume of raspberry and blackberry exports rose by 100 per cent between 2016 and 2017. She said the Australian strawberry industry experienced similar success with an almost 30 per cent rise in export volume and a 26 per cent rise in value to $32.6M over the same period.
“Australian berry sectors are in a firm position at the moment,” she said. “Production, adoption of protected substrate cropping, improved genetics and an expanding geographic footprint have all helped put Aussie berries on a positive trajectory.
“We are seeing a real transition point. Broad industry interest and a strong commercial appetite for export market development combined with the potential to capitalise on existing trade agreements and build new trade partnerships has created this perfect environment for growth.”
High-income countries across Europe, North America and Northern Asia have been identified as having a palate for Australian grown berries with more than 4244 tonnes of fresh berries exported in the last financial year alone.
The strategy identified the best short-term prospect markets for the Australian blackberry and raspberry industry as Hong Kong, Singapore, The United Arab Emirates and Canada. The strongest short-term trade options identified for the strawberry sector were Thailand, Malaysia, New Zealand and Macau.
The strategy focuses heavily on growing the existing strawberry export market from 4 per cent to at least 8 per cent of national production by volume, in markets with a capacity and willingness to pay a premium for quality fruit. For raspberries and blackberries, the sectors aim to achieve a 5 per cent boost in exports assessed by volume across identified markets by 2021.
Tasmanian raspberry exporter Nic Hansen said Australia offers some of the sweetest and most attractive berries in the world, and this combined with our stringent food safety standards across all stages of the supply chain puts growers in a solid position.
“We have a great product, we are hungry to expand trade and now with this new plan in place, we have a clear roadmap towards driving growth,” Mr Hansen said.
He said it is exciting to see new export market prospects for raspberries: “The more options we have for export the better. Now we just have to get on with the job of ensuring industry has all the tools it needs, such as supporting data and relationship building opportunities, to thrive in new markets.”
This project was commissioned by Hort Innovation, and developed by market analysts and research consultants Auspex Strategic Advisory and AgInfinity. Hort Innovation will work now with berry sectors to determine levy-funded activities to support trade.
See a summary of the strategy on the Hort Innovation website.
For more information on the berry industries, refer to the Horticulture Statistics Handbook and the Strategic Investment Plans for strawberries, raspberries and blackberries. Growers seeking more information should email trade@horticulture.com.au
RWSN Collaborations
Southern Africa Self-supply Study Review of Self-supply and its support services in African countries
A lady in Zimbabwe proudly shows off her onions - watered from her self-supply well
© 2015 André Olschewski • Skat
Project starts: 2015
Project finished: 2016
Collaborators & Partners:.
Project Description
UNICEF and Skat have collaborated on a).
Perspectives
Reach and benefits:
- Self-supply is practised by millions of rural households in Sub-Sahara Africa as well as in Europe, USA and other areas of the world.
- Benefits reported from having access to Self-supply water sources include convenience, less time spent for fetching water and access to more and better quality water. In some areas, Self-supply sources offer important added values such as water for productive use, income generation, family safety and improved food security.
- Sustainability of services from Self-supply is high as there is strong ownership by people investing in own sources.
- As Self-supply sources are shared sources, many people, including poor and vulnerable households, benefit from investments in Self-supply, often at no costs. This means that Self-supply can be effective in reaching the hard-to-reach.
- For millions of people in rural areas of Africa, supported Self-supply will be the most cost effective service delivery model to provide access to safe water. This also includes those parts of the population which actually have poor access as they e.g. cannot afford water from communal supplies.
- However, in areas where external support for Self-supply is lacking, only marginal improvements can usually be achieved, and the quality of services is lower than in areas where a dedicated support effort was made.
Costs and business model for supported Self-supply
- In many rural contexts, supported Self-supply is the most cost effective approach for water service delivery. However, as it is not applicable in all contexts, a blended approach combining communal water supply and supported Self-supply models should be followed.
- Based on a Life Cycle Cost (LCC) analysis of different service delivery approaches, the LCC for communal supplies are about 40 US$/capita served in the study countries, whereas the LCC for supported Self-supply is about 10 U$/capita.
- In sparsely populated areas, communal supplies (e.g. handpumps) are even more costly (up to 100 U$/capita served) as only few people can be served with one additional unit. Serving all rural people with communal supply is therefore not financially viable.
- Considering the applicability of Self-supply technologies, in Zambia and Zimbabwe, the cost saving of following a blended approach using both communal supplies and supported Self-supply is almost 50% of the total LCC for reaching 100% of the population by 2030. These cost savings are equivalent to more than 330 million US$ in Zambia and more than 260 million US$ in Zimbabwe.
Support services needed
- Supported Self-supply is a service delivery model putting support services in place to improve Self-supply, so it is not about a particular technology.
- Supported Self-supply is aligned with the Human Rights to Water and Sanitation, which allows a progressive realisation of the universal access to safe water. However, supported Self-supply is not a way to exempt government from its duties: Government has specific roles to play to ensure that everybody will have access to safe water finally.
- To sustain and to take Self-supply to scale there is need for contextualised support as well as long-term engagement, capacity development at all levels, M&E and technical support, reliable funding and learning and sharing.
- Interministerial cooperation and champions within government agencies are needed to ensure sustainable embedding and for taking Self-supply further, particularly in remote rural areas.
- There is no-one-size-fits-all solution for supported Self-supply – for each programme, it needs a contextualized design and follow-up to achieve desired impact.
- Hygiene promotion, including Household Water Treatment and Safe Storage (HWTS), is highly recommended for any non-piped water supply services, including Self-supply water sources.
- The huge potential for substantially improving the level of water supply for millions of people in rural areas should be accessed through supported Self-supply. Some countries have endorsed supported Self-supply as service delivery model, such as Zimbabwe or Sierra Leone, and in Ethiopia, Self-supply is now being scaled up at national level.
More Information
» Review of Self-supply and its support services in African countries: Synthesis Report).
All Android applications categories
Description
Coolands for Twitter is a revolutionary twitter client. It has many unique features, gives you the best mobile twitter experience you never imagined before.
The first unique feature is Real-Time.
You can’t find any refresh button in this app, because you absolutely don’t need to. Every time you open it, you’ll get the latest tweets and while you’re reading, you’ll get incoming tweets in Real-Time. So if your friend mentioned you, you can reply instantly.
The second unique feature is Avatar Indicator.
Avatar Indicator is small avatars showed on the title bar to indicate that you’ve got new message/tweet/mention. Since it’s real-time, you’ll keep getting incoming tweets while you’re reading your older timeline, Avatar-Indicator will let you know who’s tweet you’ve just got, and decide whether to check it out right away.
The third unique feature is Direct Link
I think it is obviously the most intuitive and convenient way to open a link. When you want to open a link, just click it in the time line . You can also click a username to open a profile window, click a hash tag to open a search result window. Different kind of links displayed in different colors, you can change it to whatever color you like.
The fourth unique feature is Smart Bookmark
Have you ever experienced this scenario? When you are reading your home timeline, the app notified you that you’ve got some new tweets, you click “go-to-top” button to read the newest tweets, and then you want to get back to the previous position to continue your reading. How can you do this? In other twitter clients you have to scroll down all the way to find where you were, a lot of time wasted. But in this app, “go-to-top” button will appear when you scrolling up, click it, you can got to top, read the newest tweets. After that when you scrolling down, Smart Bookmark button will appear at the corner. Click it, you can get back to exactly where you were.
The fifth unique feature is User Level Notification
Notification for all your new tweets is meaningless, if you following more than a few users, you’ll get new tweets all the time. What if you only want to be notified when someone you most care about posted a new tweet? In this app, it’s easy. You can change your friend’s notification setting directly in his/her profile screen. You can also set different notification ringtone for your friends respectively. So when you heard a notification ringtone, you’ll know who he/she is without the need to open your phone. And you can manage all the enabled User-Level-Notification settings in one place.
Also has most of the basic twitter client features, like post/delete tweets, retweet, retweet with comment, reply, quote, send/delete direct message, subscribe/unsubscribe lists, follow/unfollow user, multiple accounts support, append picture with your tweets, mention auto complete, recent search auto complete, conversation view.
Please give me feedbacks if you have tried it, and I PROMISE to reply all your emails.
1.30-1.36 update:
*Ad-Free.
*3 times faster when launching and loading older tweets.
*Support unlimited accounts rather than 3 accounts.
*Support notifications for all accounts rather than only for the current account.
*Improved mention suggestion feature.
*Use URL link to do RT with comment, so you can comment more characters.
*Conversation view, click the orange(you can change the color) username in replied tweet to show conversation view.
*Support longer tweet, longer tweet will be converted to a picture automatically. You really should try it out your self.
*Refined tweet composing view, to support longer tweet.
*Support handle text shared by other app.
from 103 reviews
Download Coolands for Twitter
Free - V1.38 - 298K
Sorry ...
This app is no longer available.
Share this app
Screenshots
How unequal is India? The question is simple, the answer is not.
For some 60 years, the only reliable information about India’s inequality was coming from the annual National Sample Survey conducted from 1951. NSS is one of the most venerable surveys in the world of poverty and income distribution statistics. India started fielding it soon after its independence: the survey was supposed to track how the new government fought poverty, to provide information on caste differences, rural-urban gap, caloric intake, especially of the poor and many other statistics. Since its main concern was with poverty, the decision was made to survey consumption, that is, how much people actually consume (do they have sufficient number of calories) rather than income (how many rupees they earn).
For all these decades since 1951 NSS was the key instrument that allowed researchers from India and the rest of the world as well as Indian policymakers to know what is happening with India’s population. India could thus boast to have had a longer series of annual surveys than most rich countries (that often launched their similar surveys in the 1960s). But in addition the survey also benefited from some reflected glory which had to do with the ideals and hopes raised by the Independence and thus it had a bit of this Third World-Bandoeng Summit-Mahalanobis glow always attached to it.
But the problems started in the 1990s when the survey numbers began to diverge more and more from National Accounts statistics: NSS was showing consistently lower rates of growth, and higher poverty than many people thought it should be given India’s fast growth. This led to the famous Great India Poverty debate in which participated Angus Deaton, Amartya Sen, Jean Drèze, T.N. Srinivasan, S. Subramanian, Martin Ravallion and many others. Several representative articles are given here and here and here.
The gap between the slow moving survey mean and much faster changes in per capita GDP was also explained by the failure of NSS to capture top incomes. The top incomes may have been pulling up the mean (presumably reflected in GDP per capita) and if surveys continued, partly by design and partly by the reluctance of the rich to participate, to be focused on the bottom of the income distribution, that could explain the rising gap between NSS and national accounts.
And if indeed that was the reason, or one of the reasons, then another unpleasant conclusion imposed itself: inequality in India may be (far) higher than implied by NSS data.
And indeed, as the graph below shows, NSS kept on producing a fairly stable consumption Gini (calculated here on household per capita basis) over several decades, with only a small increase in inequality after India’s sharp turn toward capitalism in the early 1990s. That Gini, ranging between mid- and higher-30s, made India inequality look about the same as in developed countries.
/>
But until recently we had no other reliable and nationally-representative survey to confront NSS with. Now, thanks to the joint work by University of Maryland and National Council of Applied Research in New Delhi, we have (harmonized by LIS), the first income based surveys of Indian population for 2004 and, just released by LIS, another same survey for 2011.
And the results are very different from NSS’s. First, Indian Gini is remarkably consistent in both 2004 and 2011 and is (on per capita basis) 51 Gini points. This is at the level of Latin American countries and is some 15 points (or almost 40% ) higher than the Gini’s calculated from NSS. Thus a key question is immediately asked: is India’s inequality more like Latin American? NSS was saying for years that it is not; the India Human Development Survey (IHDS) argues it is.
For 2011, I have both micro data from NSS and micro data from IHDS and when I compare income/consumption by each percentile (note that these are entirely different people though), the results do make sense. For the lowest percentiles, consumption is about twice income, and everybody up to the 33rd percentile consumes more than their income (which you would expect in a poor environment). After that point, consumption consistently and monotonically falls short of income (that is, there is saving), so much that among the top 5%, income is twice as high as consumption (saving rate is 50%). Overall, the mean per capita income from IHDS is 47 percent higher than the mean per capita consumption from NSS, and as we have said, Gini is some 15 points higher.
This “reasonableness” of the data, and the absence of discontinuities when comparing income and consumption leads one to believe that it is possible that both NSS and IHDS provide accurate information (with likely underestimation of top-end consumption and income), but that income distribution in India is much more unequally distributed than consumption.
So if we compare India with other countries that use income surveys, this is how it looks (see the figure below). India seems slightly more unequal than Brazil, and more egalitarian than only South Africa.
There are many other issues that are worth exploring here, in particular if we want to look more carefully at the consistency between the two surveys, but I would like to end by considering the role of the new income survey for India from an unusual angle.
As mentioned before, since NSS was the only game in town, all our global poverty and inequality statistics were done using NSS. Now, if we replace NSS with the new income survey as I have done for the global inequality calculation for the year 2011 (unpublished), you may expect that the greater inequality revealed by IHDS would push global inequality up, especially since India is such a populous country. Right?
Wrong.
What happens is that global inequality goes down by approximately 1 Gini point since the higher income levels implied by IHDS push Indians toward the middle of the global income distribution and more than offset the contribution to higher global inequality that comes from the stretched-out Indian distribution. Thus, somewhat paradoxically, a global implication of a new, and I think more reasonable, approach of viewing India as a country with Latin American levels of income inequality is that global inequality, as calculated so far, might have been overestimated.
In conclusion, more unequal but richer India, makes the world more equal.
Note: Only a member of this blog may post a comment.
Gunnar Nelson took his time on the feet against Zak Cummings tonight in the co-main event of UFC Fight Night 46, but when he finally saw an opportunity to switch up the gears in the second round he pounced on it, taking his opponent to the mat, seizing his back and locking in the fight-ending choke almost effortlessly.
Round One:
Nelson in his usual Karate style stance keeps out of range of Cummings early strikes. Then he presses into the clinch, but Cummings matches him and they jockey for position. As they break apart Nelson lands a good knee.
Nelson lands a right hook. he misses with an overhand. Nelson very relaxed, but he’s very alert and continually makes Cumming miss by backing up just enough. A right hand counter lands for Nelson, but then Cummings moves to his back and clinches up. Nelson turns though and then breaks away from the clinch.
A head kick is blocked by Cummings. Pace slowed a little now in the final 90 seconds. Cummings leaps in and nelson counters with a punch to the body. More missed shots from Cummings and then he moves into the clinch. Nothing doing and they back up. However, Cummings then comes back in and does finally land a few nice punches while Nelson has his back against the cage. Not for long though as Nelson circles out and that’s the final action of the round.
Round Two:
Nelson biding his time in the opening minute of the second as Cummings continually tries to land strikes, but generally comes up short. however, Cummings does back him up against the cage and unleash a flurry that foces Nelson to clinch.
They stay in the clinch for a while trying to gain an advantage, but it’s stalemate and they disengage. Not much volume in Nelson’s striking so far this round, but he does land a speedy right hand that clearly hits the mark. Certainly better accuracy from him, but a little more offense wouldn’t go astray.
Again he finds a home for a clinical right hand. He starts to close the distance more now, but remains patient and just snaps off another quick right.
Into clinch range and Nelson reaches for a guillotine choke and goes to the mat with it. He fluidly switches on to Cummings back. He lands a few punches and then swiftly locks in a rear-naked choke.
Impressive stuff from Nelson in the way he was able to transition so slickly to his dangerous ground game and he forces Cummings to tap with only twelve seconds of the second round remaining.
The prices indicated in this catalogue do not include shipping costs.
Fabiana Filippi's shirts and blouses are the perfect base to create solid modern and refined looks thanks to their innate ability to be easily matched to different shapes, fabrics and colours. "Must-have" items in the wardrobe, always able to confer impeccable elegance. Silk and cotton shirts, carefully-selected precious fabrics are the protagonists of a timeless style and ultra-versatile use that satisfies the needs of multiple daily commitments. Elegant women’s shirts, interpreted with classic, slim and over cuts, in ultra-modern style. Short, long and ¾ sleeve blouses and shirts, available in different lengths up to maxi lines. Men’s cut, Korean, V, round necks are examples that underscore the versatility of the various models to wear during the day and at night, to feel the best yarns on the skin and embellish the look with surprising style details. The union between feminine essence and everyday versatility redefines the language of elegance. Creations born from the most rooted and ancient Italian handicraft tradition applied to modern lines and shapes are the expression of relaxed, aware and timeless refinement.
Dan Foley: My Survivor Portrayal Was Unfair
The latest castoff expresses his frustration about how he was portrayed on TV
Over a period of three days, multiple cameras film between 300-500 hours of footage. Then, a team of editors boil all that footage down to one 44-minute episode.
Dan Foley, the latest contestant voted off the island, says he watched the first two episodes and realized that he was going to get a villain’s edit. But even he seems surprised at how negatively he was portrayed – and how vitriolic the viewer response has been.
So what did we miss? Foley, a 47-year-old postal worker from Maine, was happy to tell us.
Okay, there are going to be some tough questions today, but let’s start with an easy one: what could you have done differently to keep from going home?
You know, it’s easy to be an armchair quarterback. If I had only known that Carolyn had the immunity idol, I would have voted out Sierra.
You used your extra vote during the tribal council. Do you think that made you a target?
I said it before: superfans can’t do basic math. It made no sense for me to play that vote when there was an odd number of people left. I wanted to play it when there was an even number. And what you didn’t see was that Sierra came to me and said that Will was ready to get rid of me. And then during Tribal Council, Will said, “If Dan has the advantage, he should use it.” It was the right time to play it.
Fair enough. So what was your reaction when you were voted out? Were you angry at Carolyn?
Look, anyone who walks out of the game with a smile on their face didn’t play the game. I left that game with a fever of expletives. They didn’t show it, but I was swearing and spitting and seething after my torch was snuffed. I was absolutely furious, calling Mike every name in the book. But I don’t wish anyone ill will.
Okay, I need to call you out on your statement that flippers never win.
They don’t.
They do.
No they don’t. Tony Vlachos was a backstabber, not a flipper.
Okay, but Vecepia Towery won season 4 and she flipped twice. She flipped to vote out Boston Rob at Final 10. Then, at Final 9, she flipped back and took out the Rotu alliance.
But did she win?
Yes. She won the million. She beat Neleh Dennis.
Huh. Okay.
And Sandra Diaz Twine flipped multiple times to win.
Well, Sandra is a different case altogether. But Cochran flipped, and did that work for him?
No. No one says that all flippers don’t win. But flippers can and do win. Also, there was Danni Boatwright in Guatemala…
(Laughs) Yes, she played a good game. But I still believe that flippers don’t win. I really do.
Okay, let’s move on to the ugliness of the season. Your character was very difficult to root for.
I talked to Jeff Probst the other day and I ripped him a new one. I said, “You did me wrong. You did me dirty. You screwed me on my edit. You made me look like a piece of s—.” And Jeff said, “How do you figure?” And I said, “You cherry-picked things to show, sometimes out of context.”
Get a Tour of Jeff Probst’s ‘Spectacular’ Pad
I don’t know you. I only know the edited version of you. Are you saying that it was incorrect?When I am pushed, I push back. And I was pushed a lot. They didn’t show that. Lindsey, Sierra … they said things to me and pushed back. Look, I was always the fat guy. I learned how to stand up for myself. But you didn’t see what other people were saying or doing.
You took a lot of heat for your comments to Shirin.
Look, there’s not a single person on this season who didn’t say derogatory things about Shirin. Even Mike called her a man-hater. I made an unfortunate comment about slapping her. I had no idea about her past. None. Zero. I would never have made that comment. I apologize for saying it.
But at the same time, my comment was not meant literally. I meant it figuratively. How many times do you hear people say, “I could kill him.” Are they really plotting to kill someone? Of course not.
So where do things stand with Shirin now?
The truth of the matter is that we don’t get along. I don’t wish her ill or badly, and I hope nothing but the best for her. I hope that if she wants to go back on Survivor again, she gets that shot. There are things in her past that continue to haunt her to this day, and I hope that she gets the help that she clearly needs.
You were a big Survivor fan. Now that your reputation has taken a hit, are you still a fan of the show?
My reputation has not been harmed. The people who know me know that my edit was not who I really am. I don’t have a problem telling the truth. There are people who love me, and people who hate me. There is no real middle ground. the people who hate me can’t handle the truth.
But do you still love the show, or has your view been tainted?
How can you not have a tainted vision when you pull back the curtain and see that Oz is pulling on the levers? I’m a little disappointed, but I still love the show. Would I play it again? (Long Pause) Yeah. In a second.
This Week’s Menu: Two at the Table Menu Week of May 15, 2016
We have a quiet week as far as making dinner because we have lots of fun social plans, so we’re going to post a few lunch recipes too, just to keep things interesting.
We went to the Yankee game Sunday afternoon with our friends Jeff and Marie. As per usual, we ate our share of fun ballpark food, so we’ll have a little snack at most for dinner.
While Kim has a meeting at the New York Junior League on Monday, Tony will be out for dinner with his buddies, so Kim will be on her own once she gets home. While our dinner plans are different, we’ll probably have the same thing for lunch: The New York Times’ Green Garlic Tabbouleh. Kim made tabbouleh a few weeks go, but this recipes gives things a fun twist by using spring garlic, which is in season right now, but not for much longer.
Kim is going to a lecture Tuesday night and Tony will probably end up working late, so we’ll either meet up somewhere for dinner or just meet at home and order in. On Wednesday, Tony will be having dinner at a work event, so Kim will be on her own. Again, different dinners, same lunch, in this case The Minimalist Baker’s 30-Minute Portobello Mushroom Stir Fry. We’ve found that despite Lent being long over, we’re still skewing pretty vegetarian/pescatarian, and this dish fits the bill, though Tony may add a little chicken to it to mix things up.
Kim will be back at the New York Junior League on Thursday, so Tony will be on his own for dinner. On Friday, we’re going to an event organized by Tony’s university alumni organization: an exhibit of the works of Robert Ryman to be held at the Dia:Chelsea on West 22nd Street. We’ve had a lot of fun at previous alumni events, so we’re looking forward to this one. We’ll probably grab dinner somewhere near the gallery.
We have tickets to the ballet on Saturday, but will probably have dinner at home in the form of Food 52’s Cilantro Lime Salmon Cakes with Chipotle Mayo. If you’ve been following our blog for the past few weeks, you might notice that this is the third time we’ve had the recipe on our weekly menu. We really want to make it, but just haven’t been able to get to it yet. We’re committed to making it this week though and know we will enjoy it!
Commenting.
almostcool
Some of this spam is pretty glorious. I've been trying to keep pace in deleting it, but it just keeps coming back.
Seriously, though, thank you for all the well-wishes everyone. I will definitely keep writing, so swing by the other site when you get a chance.
chris
your the best reviewer ever.i almost felt like crying.
Jon
Weird that it's sort of coherent...and they're all linked? Sure it wasn't the crazy spam that drove you out Aaron? :P
Leighton
I just want to say thank you for all the time and effort you have put in to this site as I have discovered many artists/albums through your reviews.
Good luck with the new site, I have already bookmarked it.
One quick question: what do you think of the new AC album and will you be writing about it on the new site?
Marshall
Godspeed Almost Cool!
Eoin
Very disappointed. This has been my main port of call for new music for the last three years. I really got an enormous amount out of this site. Good luck with the Something Excellent - I'll certainly be stopping by.
Michael
Well after reading this site since 2002, I'm disappointed to say the least. Have to admit our tastes have drifted apart somewhat over the last few years, but I still looked forward to reading every Friday.
Good luck with the new venture, will definitely bookmark it.
Manji
I feel sad for your decision, as your reviews have influenced me a lot thourgh there years. Good luck and thank you.
David
I wish you well on your new site! I'll visit it often just as I do almost cool. I want to thank you for having this massive review database up. It's helped me open my eyes to some great music :).
Jon
Been following this website for at least seven years and learned a ton from it. Thank you so much! How else would I know about the Denver Gentlemen?
Lee
Wow. Long time listener, first time caller... Just want to say, your reviews have strongly influenced my taste over the past 3~4 years. Thanks for your hard work, best of luck with your new projects!
Bartek
Cool job. I will miss your opinions. That's a sad decision for me, but this is your life, so good luck for you.
Bartek
Very cool job all these years. I will miss your opinions. That's a sad decision for me, but this is your life, so good luck for you.
Elwin Rijken
Hey Aaron! 10 years! Damn, I remember stumbling on this site while looking for an Aphex Twin review some 7 to 8 years ago, and since have been following your website weekly (in periods, even daily)!
So this is kinda sad news, even though there's a new site. But good to know everything stays up.
I wish you good luck on the new website and want to thank you with all the musical tips you gave me for all those years!
(Do Make Say Think, GYBE, Sigur Rós, Múm, Broken Social Scene, to name a few of the big ones)
kind regards Elwin
Jaime
Hi, I've been a lurker of your site for 5 years. Thanks fot the great music you have directed me to..
Only one question: in your review of Wilco's YHF you said you would pay more attention to this group. But nothing has been reviewed since. What do you think of their later albums?
Good luck in your new occupations and happy 2009
Eric
I kind of felt this coming, so I'm not very surprised at all. Been hooked on this site since 2006/2007 but have kind of felt the general enthusiasm in your writing drop in the last half of this year. Really glad though that you let the year run to an end before putting the site to sleep. No need to drag it any longer if it's more of a chore than a joy.
Can't thank you enough for keeping this site running with new entries every friday. You know how to keep your readers and listen to them. ;) Musically, it has been an eye-opener into so much exciting stuff. Personally, it's been a very healthy road to follow and a sanctuary in the Internet chaos.
Looking forward to some action on the new site!
Cheers!
Collin
As a memorial, I'd love to see a list of the Top-however-many albums since starting the site -- 1996-2008 yes?
Sure, if we see ratings as immutable we could more or less do this ourselves, but I'm interested in how things have changed; would OKC and Agaetis Byrjun still top the list? What have you discovered long after its time?
This site has been a regular visit of mine since ... 2003 maybe? and it's been delightful to see how hard you work to promote bands that might not otherwise get noticed by anyone. At the same time, I absolutely see how the numerical rating bell curve can grow exhausting -- music writing was made to instill pleasure, to be a sprawling manifesto, to be something you want to do. I find if I can write at length about anything, I inevitably end up liking even the things that I might have reservations about. I really look forward to seeing where you go from here. Best!
Aaron
What are we gonna do with all these extra 7s we'll have laying around now???? :)
But seriously, the internet is a better place for this site. Sad to see it go, but I'm sure Something Excellent will carry the torch proudly.
David
Sad news, but after reading your blog I can understand where you're coming from. Thanks for all the recommendations over the few years i've read your output.
almostcool
It was fun for awhile, but I simply had to shut down comments as the spam was getting out of control. If you want to comment, zoom over to the new site or shoot me an email. Thanks.
5 Great Podcasts on Love and Relationships/
As much as you’d like to think that you can handle your love and relationship problems on your own like a champ, it never hurts to get advice (or even an entirely different perspective) from people who have already been there, done that, and set up an appropriately themed podcast to talk about it.
But with the sheer number of love and relationship podcasts out there, you just can’t help but wonder: Which ones among them should you be listening to?
And frankly, does it even matter?
Seriously, how many different ways can people actually talk about such a universal and all-encompassing emotion as love?
As it turns out, quite a lot — and these five love and relationship podcasts are among the best and most unique ones out there.
Love Is Like A Plant with Sarah May Bates and Ellen Huerta
What do you get when you combine two experts on love and heartbreak in one podcast? An informative and in-depth conversation about planting the seeds of love in your life and making it last, no matter what kinds of challenges come your way.
Ellen Huerta, the creator of break-up support app Mend, teams up with Sarah May Bates, the self-improvement and emotional coping guru, on Love is Like a Plant. This one-of-a-kind podcast revolves around a single question: “If love is like a plant, how does one keep it alive?”
From defining a relationship to dealing with how to end it, Ellen and Sarah take listeners through a wide spectrum of love, sex, dating, and break-up advice, offering helpful advice and witty commentary along the way.
Relationships! Let’s Talk About It with Pripo Teplitsky
Relationships aren’t just about love or sex. From the way we talk to our siblings to how we cope with a dear friend who’s moving away, interpersonal relationships are rife with so many little issues and particulars that we sometimes get lost in the shuffle and forget the things that really matter.
Those small yet significant things are what psychotherapist and professional marriage and couples counselor Pripo Teplitsky tackles in each episode of Relationships! Let’s Talk About It. Pripo often has guests on his show with very interesting stories to tell.
Whether it’s a problem with your best buddy, your parents, your neighbor, or even your roommate, Pripo’s more than happy to talk about it—and even talk you through it.
Unqualified with Anna Faris
Some would look at a celebrity and wonder what a person who probably has everything she wants could ever offer in terms of relationship advice. After all, life’s generally a smooth cruise for these superstar types, right?
Actress, model, and author Anna Faris smashes that stereotype and serves up some delightful nuggets of wisdom in the amusingly titled podcast, Unqualified.
Anna features celebrity guests on her show, and asks about their personal lives in a way that’s both thorough and respectful. She’s also refreshingly open and honest, and is quite adept at keeping the mood fun without losing the emotions behind each story shared on the podcast.
Confessions of a Terrible Husband with Nick Pavlidis
The image of a husband in the proverbial doghouse, forced to spend the night lying on the living room sofa instead of beside his wife, is often played for laughs in pop culture. Author and motivational coach Nick Pavlidis, however, uses that mental image to deliver wise, honest, and hilariously self-deprecating stories revolving around the point when he realized that he was far from the ideal husband he’d thought himself to be.
Nick tackles an assortment of marital problems with the ease and expertise of a man who has spent one too many nights on a lumpy couch (and isn’t ashamed to admit it). On Confessions of a Terrible Husband: Lessons Learned from a Lumpy Couch, he shares his stumbles and challenges as a husband (which he jestingly calls “moron purgatory”), infused with advice from qualified relationship experts.
And yes, he will gladly help you pronounce his last name properly.
Savage Lovecast with Dan Savage
The name of this podcast works on so many levels. Not only does author and public speaker Dan Savage host the Savage Lovecast, but the subjects it deals with are also… savage, for lack of a better word.
Since 2006, Dan has been dishing out real talk on dating, sex, and love (even way before #realtalk or podcasts were a thing).
Whether it’s standard relationship stuff or more taboo topics that would make your parents and grandparents blush, Dan’s definitely got something substantial to say, delivered in an unapologetic and entertaining manner.
Your Turn!
These five love and relationship podcasts cover most if not all of the bases when it comes to romance, friendships, family, and the other interpersonal aspects of our day-to-day lives. Sure, it’s nice to have people to listen to us when we have relationship woes. You’ll find, though, that being on the listening end can be quite helpful, too — perhaps, even more than you may realize.
Are you in love with podcasts on relationships? What’s your favorite?
Share your favorite love and relationship podcasts in the comments below!
Primal Quest Utah has now entered its third day. Over the race's first two days, the 365 athletes from 20 nations have competed in temperatures reaching 104 degrees, riding horses, mountain bikes, and riverboards in the Green River, trekking across the desert, and hiking through Utah's notorious slot canyons. The lead teams have covered roughly 200 miles; the teams at the back of the field are more than 75 miles behind. Gordon Wright sends us this from the race course.
This year's Primal Quest is so hot, so hard, and so long that race organizers have been largely concerned with what could go wrong. While heat stroke, dehydration and horseback riding injuries are relatively rare in most adventure races, they are real concerns in this one, as well as the more common issues such as injuries, exhaustion and logistical challenges.
This anxiety has been largely mitigated by the fitness of the competitors and the planning of the race staff. Astonishingly, only two teams have dropped out: Team Utah and Team xxTreme US. Both drop-outs bring surprises: Team Utah would seem to have a home-town advantage, but quit due to blisters and exhaustion. Team xxTreme US is largely comprised of Navy SEALs — notably hard men who were undone by injury.
"I don't think you could reasonably take 400 people off the streets — or even out of a gym — stick them in the desert for two days and expect them to survive," said Primal Quest Course Director Don Mann. "But these athletes are so fit they're not only surviving but making good progress."
Amid all the concern over the extraordinary heat and the capriciousness of the horses, a race broke out. Four teams ran and paddled neck and neck all throughout Day Two, never getting separated by more than twelve minutes. Among the leaders is Team Nike/Powerblast, the odds-on favorite led by defending champions Mike Kloser and Ian Adamson. Two teams led by women are also among the leaders: Team Merrill/Wigwam, captained by Robyn Benincasa and Team Spyder, captained by Danelle Ballangee.
What makes that top grouping interesting isn't just that they're led by women, but that Benincasa and Ballangee are former teammates of Kloser and Adamson. The reasons for Ballangee and Benincasa leaving their male teammates and starting their own teams are many, and while the racers proffer respect, hard feelings remain.
There is still more than 200 miles of racing to go - and the lead teams have logged only four to six hours sleep in more than three days. But what is clear is that the ghosts of teammates past are dogging Team Nike, and it doesn't look like they're going away any time soon.
Farther back in the pack, the pace was more stately, and the camaraderie much more present. Team Pedro's Boulders was preparing to launch its kayaks into the Green River for 35-mile paddling leg when field correspondent Bob Heady caught up to them.
Iona MacKenzie was stuffing her backpack into her kayak's hatch and painfully recalling Sunday's horseback section. Her horse stepped on her foot and broke a toe; she didn't realize the seriousness of the injury until the beginning of the eight-mile riverboarding segment. She was 108 miles into the race, and she couldn't pull her swim fin on.
MacKenzie's teammate Charlie Kharsa gave her one of his fins, which was a couple of sizes bigger, and that "solved" MacKenzie's problem.
Kharsa now had one fin that was two sizes smaller than his foot, but if anyone in the race could shrug it off, it's Kharsa, who several years ago completed a riverboard voyage down the length of the Grand Canyon on the Colorado River.
Team Semper Fi was also transitioning from riverboard to kayak. A group of U.S. Marine officers, the team has already made a large impression on the race. Blowing away stereotypes, the Marines are far from taciturn and decidedly not buttoned-up. In fact, they seem to be having a blast amid all the misery. One of the team members entered the riverboarding segment by tossing his board into the Green, sprinting down the beach, and hopping onto it for an impressive display of skim-boarding.
Brian Chontosh, who was awarded the Navy Cross for valor in Iraq in 2003, is reveling in a challenge that doesn't involve being shot at. Chontosh and teammate Kevin Saunders are both captains, and therefore lower-ranked than married team members Majors Sarah Fullwood and James Fullwood. When asked whether or not he and Saunders were getting along with their superiors, Chontosh joked, "We don't want to be anywhere near them — Kevin and I paddle together and plot against them."
This joking, fun-loving attitude has become a trademark for a group of competitors who, despite the gravity of their occupation, do not take themselves seriously. Chontosh also asked Heady to send a message to front-running Team Nike/Powerblast, "We've been taking it easy for a couple of days — and we're about to put the hammer down."
The merry Marines paddled away, 62 miles behind Nike, but with tremendous spirit.
Semper Fi.
Stay with Adventure Beat for the latest from somewhere in Utah's desert stretches.
Average (Not Rated)
Wednesday’s word of the day, quantum (from Wordsmith.org) illustrates, in one word, my perception of time lately: there isn’t much of it.
Instead of crafting a quick story for a Wednesday’s Word post, I searched for a quote that might give color to the word. I found one that indirectly speaks to my desire to write and the courage it takes to keep me writing, even when the inspiration flickers out.
Today’s word:
quantum. noun.
1. A quantity or amount.
2. A portion.
3. A large amount.
4. The smallest amount of something that can exist independently.
, American business owner, career counselor, author.
A new year approaches. And,2010 calls for fresh goals but demands repeat determination.
Don’t just imagine, Someday I’d like to be a writer.
Write.
Because “anything worth doing is worth doing…” now.
Interesting that you consider it courageous to keep writing even when you’re not inspired. I’ve never thought of writing as courageous … well, not fiction writing. I want to know more of your viewpoint.
I read that quote and immediately thought about the risk in writing.
For years I wanted to call myself a writer; I wanted to take the plunge. But I never ventured outside of my journal or a few personal letters that recounted a silly experience.
Starting a blog was taking a risk. Submitting my first piece (in it’s own infancy) was taking a risk.
It would be easy to imagine the smile on my face when that first novel is finished and published, instead of actually rewriting that novel to submittable quality. And, then sending it out into the query world.
And, I thought of your recent post (), and how even when I feel uninspired or unrecognized (with just one more rejection email to archive), I still write.
I’m in a weird mood, I guess, or maybe I’m completely missing your point, but I’m not being flippant.
Is what you feel you’re risking only the rejection of your work? I know it’s hard not to feel like a conjoined twin with your writing, but I’ve finally accepted that agents and editors are just businessmen and my work is only a product to them.
I realize, of course, for a writer who has to make a living from her writing, selling the product is extremely important. I don’t have to sell my work, so I’ve come to the point where I view the act of writing, the creation of story, as the valuable part … not the selling. So, in that sense, writing is not a risk to me.
I would like to share it, and so I will try to sell it, but if I never succeed, it does not diminish the accomplishment of writing a novel (or story), nor does that make me enjoy my work less.
I don’t think you’re being flippant. Maybe I’m not expressing myself well.
For me, the risk in writing comes in the act itself: to write is to make myself vulnerable, whether I write memoir or fiction, since each story I write reveals a small part of myself or my psyche.
The risk also comes in sharing that story (and that small piece of myself) with others, whether they pay to read it or not.
I hope that reads more clear than my first comment.
Ha ha, you were clear. I was trying to let you know I didn’t want you to think I was being flippant in the comment I was about to make.
I guess a year ago I felt like you. I’ve had enough experience in critique groups now that I don’t think of it as a risk to share my work. But I think I feel more separated from my work than you do.
Christi, I also feel the act of writing takes courage. For me, writing (including fiction writing) is often a painful, fearful experience. What I fear isn’t so much that others will reject me but that I will reject the parts of myself exposed in the writing process.
To be honest, I never thought, Someday I’d like to be a writer. Instead, I thought, Someday I’d like to stop lying to myself. A tiny part of my psyche decided years ago that I’m writer, so now I try to earn the right to say so aloud.
“2010 calls for fresh goals but demands repeat determination.” Yes, and I like the clarity in this statement.
Ann, I love this: A tiny part of my psyche decided years ago that I’m writer, so now I try to earn the right to say so aloud.
Earning the right to say so aloud hits home with me. Thanks for your comment.
We Ship Fast!
Order by 1PM CST for Same Day Shipping (Mon-Fri)
Truglo Riser Mount Picatinny-style 1/2″ – TG8970.
TRUGLO 1/2″ Picatinny-Style Riser Mount AR-15 Flattop Matte
The TRUGLO Picatinny Riser Mount is great for raining your red dot sight 1/2″ to be at
the proper height for an ideal cheek weld. This aluminum riser is easy to install and
great for any flattop AR-15. It is approximately 4″ long.
Features:
– Raises mounting surface by 1/2″. Mounts to existing Picatinny-style rail.
– CNC-machined aluminum. Great for any AR-15 Flattop.
– Easy to install without modification. Length is approximately 4″.
Conference Fees
Credit Union Attendees
$995 for each credit union attendee
$495 each attendee from credit unions under $35 million in assets
(to receive discount, enter promotional code GACSMALL on the "complete checkout" page. Select "apply promo" and your discount will be automatically calculated.)
Exhibitors should go to b2cu.cuna.org to register.
Register online with ACH debit payment, VISA, or MasterCard. Be sure to have your account numbers available when you register. To pay by check, download the PDF registration form and mail it with your payment. Affiliation with CUNA/League is required for attendance, but limited exceptions may apply.
Please contact CUNA prior to making travel arrangements to confirm eligibility.
Onsite registration will be available for affiliated credit unions only. Non-exhibitors or representatives of non-exhibiting companies may not register as participants and may not canvass, solicit business or distribute literature in another company's exhibit booth, any part of the exhibit hall, conference hotels or conference meeting areas without written permission from CUNA.
Conference fee includes
- Admission to the exhibit hall on Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday
- Sunday evening reception and CUNA Councils opening concert
- Continental breakfast and lunch in the exhibit hall on Monday and Tuesday
- Admission to the conference general sessions, breakout sessions, CUNA annual general meeting, legislative and political update, and NCUA reception
- Late Night at the GAC social event on Tuesday night at The Renaissance
- Closing Gala on Wednesday night at The Renaissance
* The Small Credit Union Roundtable is complimentary. This offering will provide small credit unions an opportunity to learn about resources, share ideas, and collaborate on a wide variety of issues from compliance to succession planning.
** National CU Foundation Dinner Presenting the Herb Wegner Awards is a separate ticketed event and is not included in the registration fee.

By Jim Kouri
In yet another curtsy to the politically correct orthodoxy, President Barack Obama’s.
And the purge of training material regarding Islamic terrorism from law enforcement training is only the beginning. Attorney General Eric Holder told Congress that anti-Muslim instructional materials hurt the country’s fight against terrorist groups like al-Qaeda. As a result of this mentality, the Joint Chiefs of Staff were asked to collect counterterrorism training materials at all military academies and academic centers such as the National Defense Intelligence College and the U.S. Army Combined Arms Center.
“The goal, evidently, is to banish any material that could be viewed as offensive to Muslims,” said the JW blog.
To fulfill this politically-correct mission, the FBI enlisted the Army Combating Terrorism Center at West Point to purge material that conflates terrorism with mainstream Islam, according to inside information cited in the Judicial Watch — arguably one of the most sympathetic lawmakers to Islamic causes — the event came in “response to the spike in anti-Muslim bigotry” and marked the first ever congressional hearing on Muslim civil rights.
It was Durbin who on the floor of the Senate in 2004 called U.S. soldiers Nazis, and detention centers such as Guantanamo Bay “gulags.” He later apologized, but his constituents were happy to hear him denigrating U.S. troops since his district has a very large Muslim population, according to news reports.
According to the Examiner, other Muslim outreach efforts under Obama included; Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano meeting to discuss national security matters with a group of extremist Muslim organizations including members of the Muslim Brotherhood, the nation’s space agency (NASA) being ordered to focus on Muslim diplomacy, and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton signing a special order to allow the reentry of two radical Islamic academics whose terrorist ties long banned them from the U.S.
Images
Videos
From Our Blog
What Bertie Did Next
13 June 2012
Check it out. We’ve got a new film.
Soho Martini Kapow!-ing
24 May 2012!.
Cab Kapow!
4 May 2012
With the rain in London just refusing to stop, a story partly set in London, a narrator guided by a London mini-cab driver, well, we thought where better to film Adam Thirlwell talking about his new book Kapow! than in the back of a London cab?
Kapow! A Great Story. That is Also Great Looking
26 April 2012
So we realised that we’ve been banging on about how Great Looking our new book, Kapow! by Adam Thirlwell is, but not sharing too much about the Story itself. Which aside from being Great Looking, is also seriously Great. It’s the kind of can’t put it down even though the bath water’s turning cold and your skin’s going all crinkly kind of Great. The need to pee but you keep reading on with ever more crossed legs kind of Great.
Kapow! in Pics
20 April 2012
Advance copies of Kapow! by Adam Thirlwell landed in our studio on Monday, quite fittingly chiming with the start of the London Book Fair. And boy oh boy are we excited. The book feels real, is beautiful to hold and touch, it works and is giving people the giggles in all the right places. So far.
Houston, We Have a Cover. Houston, We Have Stopped Falling
23 March 2012
Okay, so this week we went beyond falling off the production cliff and we just kept falling. We thought we had tried it all before with Tree of Codes. What could be more difficult, right. Alas, we were proved wrong by Kapow! (fitting, really, for a book with that title too).
What Is it About Book Covers?
12 March 2012
We’ve all been working overtime (sleepless nights, shower epiphanies, five minute naps sitting upright) on Adam Thirlwell’s Kapow! And we’re nearly nearly there. The inside is pretty sorted. It’s beautiful. And insane. And everyone’s feeling it.
Kapowing Kapow!
24 February 2012
Kapow! Kapow! Kapow! Kapow! Kapow! Kapow! Kapow! Kapow! Kapow! Kapow! Kapow!
That’s what we feel like shouting. From every single rooftop. And believe us, if we could, we would.
Gearing Up and Going Out
17 February 2012
We’ve always been suckers for putting a bit (a lot, if we’re honest) of loving into everything we do. And yesterday was more of just that with an old school production line printing, folding, trimming press releases to send out announcing our new book by Adam Thirlwell.
Dreams Really Do Come True
27 January 2012
It’s true, sometimes they do. And this week it feels like it. They can even happen in three’s, that’s for sure:
A Year of Revolutions
13 January 2012
We know we’ve been pretty quiet on the “hey hey, we’re back from the holidays” front.
But it’s not because we’re still rubbing the sofa-telly-over-eating/drinking/sleeping/skating/playing out of our eyes, but because we’ve well and truly landed in 2012 with our foot on the accelerator planning the launch of our fourth book, by Adam Thirlwell, out this coming May.
Jane Austen Matchmakers
12 April 2011
Remember those contracts we had designed and put a lot of love into a few weeks ago? We did a lot of talking about the contracts, but not much talking about who the contracts were with. Well, they’re all signed and the ink’s just about dry, so we can now tell you that we’ll be working with Adam Thirlwell on a brand new book due to come out early next year.
A new VE in the making
17 March 2011
We’ve just biked over author contracts for a new book. And we’re very, very excited. Giddy even. Before we tell you who it’s with (we’ll wait for the ink to dry before we do), we wanted to tell you a little something about the contract itself.
Morganite is also known as ‘pink emerald’
Morganite is a pastel-coloured crystal, found in subtle shades of pink, lilac pink and salmon pink. It is usual for these gems to be light in colour, even though some are known to exhibit rich tones. It is a variety of the mineral beryl that also includes emerald and aquamarine.
Morganite was discovered in the early 1900’s in California and thereafter in Madagascar. Known initially as pink beryl, the crystal was renamed morganite in recognition of the financier and gem collector J.P. Morgan. The gem is also known as ‘pink emerald’ and ‘rose beryl’.
These stones are comparatively free of inclusions. The availability of huge Morganite rough allows for the possibility of large faceted crystals. The Brazilian stones can weigh more than ten kilograms.
Metaphysical Meaning
Morganite crystals have been linked to the heart
As a result of its subtle tone of pink, morganite crystals have been linked to the heart. For this reason, morganite rings serve excellently as engagement rings. It has been referred to as the Crystal of Eternal Love.
The vibrationsof morganite subtly heals the heart and opens it to unconditional love, repressed feelings and emotional needs that have not been fulfilled.
Morganite’s energy is also linked to the love of the Heavenly, teaching us that we are all linked to a Universal Heart and form part of a broader design.
Morganite is a symbol of beauty
Morganite crystals are great symbols of beauty. They help one to see the beautiful things in life, the energies of which one could absorb into oneself. The love energy of morganite is said to make its wearer more beautiful both mentally and physically.
The gem with exceptional powers
Gemstones of the beryl group have exceptional powers, which means that the properties of Morganite are superior. These crystals are known to aid further in other aspects of spiritual advancement.
Allow the Crystal of Eternal Love to work its magic for you
The vibration of love provoked by Morganite is extremely powerful. As long as the crystal is within your aura, it has an opportunity to work its magic.
So, treat yourself from the remarkable collection of morganite designs from Eldorado Diamonds. Designs that have been specifically selected to deliver to its wearer strong heart-centred energy.
Allow the Crystal of Eternal Love to work its magic for you!
construction of concrete crushing recycling in verona
Construction Waste Recycling concrete-crusher.org
Construction Waste Recycling Technology equipments to process construction waste into reutilized concrete Construction Waste Recycling; Concrete Crusher;
Crushed Concrete Aggregate Concrete Construction
Crushing old concrete to make aggregate for new concrete is increasing in popularity for executive director of the Construction Materials Recycling
construction of concrete crushing recycling in la rioja 2
Construction of concrete crushing recycling in La Rioja. Concrete crusher; Recycling. construction waste; construction of concrete crushing recycling in
Recycling Concrete How to Recycle Concrete The
Recycling concrete from demolition project can result in Recycling of concrete pavement is a removing and crushing concrete from an existing pavement
Construction Recycling For Sale Top Brand Buy
Construction Recycling For Sale Top Brand , 5.High reduction ratio and crushing efficiency impact concrete breaker. 6.hydraulic engineering,
Concrete Recycling and Disposal Fact Sheet
Concrete Recycling and Disposal Fact Sheet painted concrete recycling and disposal? concrete for recycling and disposal purposes?
Whitman's Construction Nashville, TN Concrete, Masonry
Whitman’s Construction of Nashville, concrete and masonry needs. as well as onsite crushing for residential,
DAG Mobile Aggregate Recycling
You use the finished product in the new construction on We arrive on your site and within 45 minutes we are crushing DAG Mobile Aggregate Recycling.
Recycle Crushing Manatts, Inc.
has the capability to recycle concrete Our crews also have the capability to perform third party recycle crushing. Our portable recycling Recycle Crushing.
Construction Demolition Recycling Guide ()
As the region grows, recycling construction and demolition materials is vital to preserving landfill space. concrete facility for recycling collection.
Construction Waste Recycling Plant Shanghai Zenith
Zenith Concrete Crushing Plant in Construction Waste Recycling Plant. Construction waste recycling is the separation and recycling of recoverable waste
Concrete Crushing
Concrete crushing Introduction. Concrete is an but from a demolition and recycling On site concrete crushing can provide construction sites with
NJDEP New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection
NJ approved Class B Recycling Facilities Centers November, Flemington Concrete Products, LLC. 574839 BB, C. Stavola Construction Materials, Inc. 132636 C, A.
recycling concrete,concrete crushing plant,mobile concrete
Recycling concrete mainly machinery construction waste disposal equipment to promote recycling of construction Concrete Crusher used in construction
Recycling Concrete How and Where to Reuse Concrete
Reusing concrete is a way to reduce your construction costs and at the Recycling. As you start to recycle concrete, when considering concrete crushers
Portable Crushers Screens For Construction Site Recycling
Served → Portable Crushers Screens For Construction Site Recycling. Portable Crushers Screens For Construction Site Recycling. from the crusher
Recycling Concrete Recycled Concrete Contents
Recycled concrete as aggregate will In crushing the concrete, This bulletin summarizes some of the considerations involved in recycling concrete into
Sexton Properties Richton Park (224) 212-1251
At this location we offer to our clients Clean Construction or Demolition Debris Concrete Crushing Recycling services, 2016 Sexton Properties Richton Park
Ewles Materials Concrete Asphalt Recycling
five state-of-the-art crushing and recycling RECYCLING As a pioneer in the concrete and asphalt recycling business, Ewles Materials has worked
New Leaf Const Concrete Crusher, Concrete Crushing
Concrete Crusher, Concrete Crushing, New Leaf can provide crushing and screening machines for recycling rubble and other construction material directly in site.
CONCRETE RECYCLING Sacramento Concrete Recyclers
CONCRETE RECYCLING Sacramento Concrete Crushing at the actual construction site using portable crushers reduces construction Concrete Recycling
Recycled Aggregates-Profitable Resource Conservation
Recycled Aggregates—Profitable Resource Conservation Concrete recycling has proven to The substitution of crushed cement concrete for construction
Sustainable The business of recycling concrete crunches
The business of recycling concrete Sustainable The business of recycling concrete mobile crushing units are brought to construction sites to
Recycled Materials Crushing Sites E.V. Williams Site
concrete recycling is a method of Recycled Materials Crushing Sites; Crushing at the actual construction site using portable crushers reduces
AA Custom Crushing We Crush Concrete!
We’ve been recycling this unusable concrete waste and rubble “AA was crushing before crushing was cool.” AA Custom Crushing Inc. has provided asphalt,
- bateman coal vibro feeder
- jaw crusher spares and prices
- double roll crusher grinder china customer case
- copper smelter crusher in south africa
- stone crusher machine sales
- benchtop mini jaw crusher
- crusher 13 15 ss iv
- small stone crushing plant
- stone crusher meaning in hindi
- ball mill manufacturers in uae
- barite milling plants in brownsville texas
- grinding mills for the process industry
- best construction hammer crusher
- robo sand grinding mill china
- black stone quarries in orissa
- sioux valve grinder parts
- world famous precious mental mining equipment company
- the mobile building waste production line
- crusher machine manufacturers europe
- used concrete crushing for sale rebar
- mining equipment parts dealers usa
- screening principle theory of crushing
- vibrating screen sand washing machine
- german stone crushers manufacturers
Wom
Find other Women's Shoes...
Related Searches:
$144.95
FREE shipping
Overstock.com
Womens Drew Argo Black Smooth Leather
The Argo is an adjustable strap sandal with smooth uppers. Features a double depth thick removable cork footbed with memory foam, tempered steel shank and broad, oblique toe shape. The Argo comes on or off easily with the adjustable more
Womens Drew Argo Black Smooth Leather - Black
Women's Naot Drift - Grenadine Leather Casual Shoes
The perfect thong sandal for this season! Features a rubber sole, technical lining, a cork/latex footbed, deep heel indentation, hallux and arch support, and a lightweight feel. more
$148.00
Shoebuy.com
Women's Naot Rome - Buffalo Leather Orthopedic Shoes
A trendy sandal designed with a Scandinavian removable cork/latex footbed, deep heel indentation, hallux support, arch support, a padded upper, and hand sewn construction. more
$145.00
Women's Birkenstock Granada Birko Flor - Onyx
Jack Rogers Women's Napa Valley Thong Sandal,Cork/Gold Fleck,9 M US
Jack Rogers is classic, bold, and edgy.Real cork upper Gold leather whipstitching Leather backing Stacked wood heel more
$115.11
Amazon.com
Naot Women's Kirei Mary Jane Flat,Black Madras Leather/Black Suede/Black Patent Leather,40 EU/8.5-9 M US
Heel Height: Approx. 1'' Tall. This beautiful Mary Jane features an adjustable hook-and-loop strap for a secure, comfortable fit. Suede, patent and leather upper. Suede-covered anatomical cork and natural latex footbed. Leather/padded technical lining.... more
$184.95
Eric Michael Women's Cody,Black,39 EU/8.5-9 M (B) US
Eric Michael Shoes philosophy is to bring comfort, quality, and fashion combined with European craftsmanshipA comfort sandal with a soft Leather upper Two adjustable straps with velcro closures Contoured Suede leather footbed 1 inch platform Cork 2 3/4... more
$55.51
Cobb Hill Natasha Woven Wedge Sandals (For Women) – TAN/SAND
CLOSEOUTS . Two contrasting leather finishes weave in and out of Cobb Hill's Natasha sandal, a personable, strappy slip-on with stable, cork-wrapped wedge. Available Colors: BLACK PATENT/BLACK, SPICE/TAN, TAN/SAND. Sizes: 6, 6.5, 7, 7.5, 8, 8.5, 9,... more
$110.00 $71.50
Sierra Trading Post
Naot Cardinal Mary Jane Shoes (For Women) – LUGGAGE BROWN
CLOSEOUTS . Artful seaming and a flash of patent leather take Naot's Cardinal Mary Jane shoes from desk to dinner in no time. Awesome cork-and-latex footbed keeps things comfortable, and the sculpted heel looks pretty fine on the dance floor if the... more
$189.00 $134.95
FOOTPRINTS Women's Ashby Clog
The smooth leather uppers and soft removable cork footbeds make this clog a luxury for your feet. more
$140.00
Womens Birkenstock Rosemead Mocha Suede Leather Clog Shoe ( With contoured and flexible cork/latex footbed )
Classic Birkenstock® sandal crafted in genuine leather and featuring adjustable straps to ensure a great fit. Anatomically correct cork/latex footbed, crafted from cork that is 100% renewable and sustainable, encourages foot health. The suede lined... more
$89.99
Women's Espadrille Wedge, Cross-Strap
Dress up your skirt and sundress outfits this summer with our new, sassy espadrille cross strap. The upper is made of soft, full-grain leather. Enjoy the natural look and support of the cork midsole and the added comfort of a leather-wrapped, padded... more
$79.00 $69.99
L.L. Bean
Aerosoles Yet Alone Sling-Back Sandals (For Women) – DARK PINK COMBO
CLOSEOUTS . Aerosoles' Yet Alone sandals bring comfort and updated style to the classic sling-back design with a cork wedge heel, soft footbed and faux-leather upper. Available Colors: BLACK COMBO, DARK PINK COMBO. Sizes: 6, 6.5, 7, 7.5, 8, 8.5, 9,... more
$69.00 $43.95
Drew Audrey: Women's Oxford
Oxfords: Drew Audrey - Female Adult - Black Leather - Sizes 5|5.5|6.5|7 - Widths: M|WW|W - Indulge in superior comfort with the Audrey oxford from Drew. This supple lace-up has a soft leather upper and leather lining for durable breathability. The... more
$119.95 $65.97
OnlineShoes.com
Womens Drew Milan Black Leather
Womens Drew Sandy Sand Nubuck
The Sandy sandal is the ultimate comfort sandal. Features a thick, removable, soft cork footbed with memory foam and sueded topcover, full leather linings, a broad, oblique toe shape, adjustable foodbed, and a lightweight high-abrasion, more
Drew Womens Parade Ii Leather Casual Shoes - Extra Wide (size 5)
The Drew Parade II shoes feature a leather upper with a round toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. more
$145.95
Women's
Women's Keen Sandals, Naples 2 8.5 M(B) Multi Color
Country road or city sidewalk, these versatile full-grain-leather sandals are built to go anywhere you want, in sleek, sophisticated style. Soft leather lining combines with a natural sponge-rubber-and-cork footbed with leather cover to cushion and... more
$110.00
Ads related to womens drew cork
Student Groups
The School of Journalism sponsors several student organizations, including chapters of national organizations. Our student organizations are quite diverse and give aspiring journalists the opportunity to learn, create and socialize with fellow students who share their interests. They gain knowledge about their future profession through hosting guest speakers, social events and hands-on experience.
The officers of these organizations do all of the footwork for bringing in guest speakers; these events are open to the public and university. The organizations host social events that foster communication with other students who share their specific interests. Meeting times listed below are subject to change. Please check the Web site listed or contact the advisor for any changes in meeting times or information about upcoming events.
Society of Professional Journalists, Austin Chapter
The Society of Professional Journalists works to improve and protect journalism. The organization is the nation's largest.
Joining the SPJ Austin Student Chapter gives students opportunities to deepen their journalistic knowledge outside of the classroom, connect with professionals in the industry, and attend various events. The SPJ Austin Student Chapter is a Registered Student Organization at the University of Texas at Austin. For more information about the national organization, visit.
Connect with the Austin Student Chapter:
Website:
Facebook: facebook.com/spjaustin
Newsletter: tinyurl.com/spjaustinemail
Twitter: @spjaustin
Advisor: Robert Jensen, Professor, BMC 3.304, 512-471-1990.
ORANGE Magazine
ORANGE, UT's student magazine, gives students a hands-on approach to magazine publication. The staff works on all sides of a magazine from advertising to editorial, production to writing, and finances to public relations. After working on ORANGE, the staff leaves with a strong portfolio and enough experience to tackle any one of New York's leading titles.
The Magazine Club (MAG)
The MAG Club in the School of Journalism is designed for those interested in a career in magazines. The club is a great place to begin, a low-pressure way to get your feet wet --- much more social than work!
Scheduled meetings are held each semester, usually once every three weeks with local professionals to discuss their experience in the field, bring in local magazine editors, often our own graduates to discuss magazine careers, and keep a running list of the latest internships and possible jobs.
MAG is one of the few UT Sponsored Organizations on campus, so it is much more than just a "club." We also have a working relationship with ED on Campus, the national college magazine club, founded by NYC magazine editors. We will show you how to tie into their national job bank and intern listings.
MAG can also help you, at an early stage here, gain valuable hands-on experience with ORANGE, the campus magazine produced by School of Journalism students. But most importantly, we are just a group of people all working together to achieve success in the magazine industry!
MAG also looks great on the resume. Check the display box for MAG (and ORANGE) on the 6th floor of the College of Communication Building) for more details.
National Press Photographer's Association
The National Press Photographers Association was founded in 1946. In the first issue of National Press Photographer (published in Boston, Mass. in April 1946), an editorial on the front page proclaimed, "With this issue is born a voice, one that has been mute much too long.".
K:
- must rank in the upper 10 percent of their journalism class (i.e., juniors among juniors, seniors among seniors).
- must have completed at least five semesters of degree work.
- must have completed at least nine semester hours of credit in professional skills courses in journalism.
- must have at least a 3.0 GPA (on 4.0 system) in junior/senior level journalism courses.
- must count all college courses applicable to their degree in computing the overall GPA to determine rank in the upper 10 percent.
Graduate Students:
- masters students must rank in the top 10 per cent).
Initiates receive a membership card, certificate and key pin. There are no annual dues after the initiation fee for life membership.
University of Texas Hispanic Journalists
UTHJ aims to organize and provide mutual support for Hispanic student journalists and those interested in Hispanic issues in English, Spanish and bilingual media; to encourage the study and practice of journalism and mass communication by Hispanics; to further employment and career opportunities for Hispanic student journalists; to be the voice of the Hispanic community on campus; to encourage students to participate in the different media outlets at UT.
Members participate in a mentorship program with communication professionals, internships, multimedia workshops, professional development and have the opportunity of publishing their work on UTHJ's website. UTHJ organizes fundraising activities to send members to the National Association of Hispanic Journalist convention during the summer, a weeklong opportunity of journalistic workshops and networking with the field's most influential journalists.
For more information, visit UTHJ's website:
Send us an email at: uthispanicjournalists@gmail.com
Advisor: Dean Darrell Rocha
In the light of all the discussion about disciplining your child that the NFL has created, I think this is a good time to talk about how to discipline teenagers, since it is very different from how you would discipline a young child.
When disciplining a teenager you need to remember that the actions that you take when your child breaks the rules are actions that will hopefully help your child learn. Parents question how much “rope” to give a child, worrying that there might be too much, and the child will “hang himself.” Other parent’s worry that being too strict will result in their teen rebelling, losing respect, and not loving them. Others consider rebellion and defiance to be “normal” in teenagers and thus may rarely take a teen’s misbehavior seriously. While to some degree rebellion and defiance are natural, it has been found that excessive rebellion and excessive defiance are usually indicators of an oppositional defiant behavior disorder and are not necessarily associated with health.
The problem is that most parents only have the model of discipline that was meted out to them as children and teens. For many, identification with the normal rebellious and defiant aspects of the teenage years has never been normalized by mature growth; thus they either subtly (or not so subtly) stimulate “bad behavior,” only to follow it, in their own anxiety and confusion, by administering punishment to the adolescent. Not surprisingly, this causes the teen perplexity, anxiety, and confusion.
On the other hand, constructive discipline tends to result in the development of a mature young adult by the end of the adolescent passage. It helps a teenager control his impulses, cooperate with other people, and be patient. The aim of discipline should not be to develop a homogenized and completely socialized teenager; parents should always stress the uniqueness of their teenage sons and daughters. Rather, discipline should result in a teen taking a wholehearted and responsible approach to life. Disciplining a teenager is different from disciplining a younger child since the teenager is more mature, more reflective, and more able to enter into discussions and negotiations. This means that discipline can and should always be enlightening to teenagers, never a means of deriding, shaming, or making them feel as if they are “bad.”
What to Do
- Don’t be a cruel parent. Don’t humiliate, criticize destructively, physically attack, or try to cripple your teenagers will just in order to make him conform to certain rules.
- Make expectations and rules clear to your child.
- Don’t be scared to set limits.
- Do not make rules arbitrarily, even if you feel strong about them; they should involve some give and take.
- Understand that whatever teaching and disciplining you do, most teenagers will mature through trial and error.
- Reward constructive behavior rather than criticize bad behavior.
- Be a role model for your teenager.
- Be compassionate and patient when it comes to discussion of family rules and responsibilities.
- When punishing your teenager it is best to withdraw privileges. However, make sure to not over-punish because you are angry.
- Never use physical or mental torture.
- Don’t give in to tantrums or loud and intimidating behavior, and don’t allow guilt to cloud your judgment.
- Remember, teenagers test the limits. You will be tested!
In the end, be compassionate and empathetic and remember what it was like to be a teenager. Your greatest influence on your child doesn’t come through your punishment but through your being a good role model and your ability to understand the situation and act appropriately..
The Virginia Environmental Education Certification program will officially launch January 3, 2022!
Designed with both formal and nonformal educators in mind, the Virginia Environmental Education Certification program sets a statewide standard for exemplary environmental education practice, encourages exploration of environmental education resources, and promotes professional growth. This certification program is relevant for anyone who educates about an aspect of the environment, would like to strengthen their environmental or pedagogical expertise, and is passionate about professionalism in environmental education.
It has been developed with the North American Association for Environmental Education (NAAEE) accreditation program in mind. That means you can trust in the quality of materials and the learning process of the program, and once accredited, your certification will be transferable to any state with an NAAEE accredited program.
_____________________________________________________
From NAAEE: "Professional certification ensures that individuals are fully prepared for work within a specific field of expertise. Certified environmental educators meet stringent requirements for proficiency in both the interdisciplinary content and pedagogy necessary to develop and deliver high quality, effective EE programs.
While it is not necessary to attain certification in order to be employed as an environmental educator, certification readily distinguishes highly qualified professionals and enhances the resumes of those who have attained it. Having a community of certified professionals also elevates respect for the profession."
How to Get Started
How Much Does It Cost?
Benefits of Certification
You can begin planning your approach to
the certification program now.
Enrollment officially opens January 3, 2022. At that time, interested candidates can apply online to gain access to the online learning platform that houses all of the certification information, instructions, assignments, and opportunities to submit your work.
Please check out our certification timeline below to learn about the program's schedule including: fees, workshops, trainings, online modules, and more.
Candidates have three years after paying the application fee to complete the certification process.
Portfolio submission fee (end of certification): $50
__________________________________________
TOTAL required fees: $325
Other expenses will likely be incurred over the course of the multi-year certification process in order to meet self-guided learning requirements including training/workshop/conference fees, travel, and lodging. Each candidate will determine how they will meet their own self-guided learning goals. Take a look at the Virginia Environmental Education Certification Manual (coming soon) to learn more.
Good for the field of Environmental Education:
Certification
addresses the knowledge, skills, and ethical standards required to work
as a professional in the EE field and builds the field’s credibility.
Good for you, the environmental educator:
Certification provides robust professional development opportunities resulting in more effective professional practice. Its focus on both theory and practice leads towards greater mastery. Due to this program’s multi-faceted nature, networking opportunities abound.
Once you’ve obtained your certificate, you can be contracted and paid by the VAEE to facilitate training workshops wherever you’re already located.
VAEE is working with environmental education organizations to incentivize and promote environmental education certificate holders.
EE Certification Completion Timeline
Overview of Certification Requirements
Criteria 1 – The Basics of Environmental Education (online learning module)
Criteria 2: In-Person Learning (three total workshop days)
2.1 Attend “Professional Development of Environmental Educators” Workshop – one day
2.2 Attend “Methods of Environmental Education” Workshop – two days
Criteria 3: Self-Directed Learning (75 hours)
3.1 Individually Chosen Learning Opportunities (minimum 30 hours)
3.2 Exploration of Virginia’s Regions (minimum 30 hours)
3.3 Required Further Learning (minimum 15 hours)
Criteria 4: Lesson Planning and Teaching (30+ hours)
Criteria 5: Environmental Literacy online module
Criteria 6: Capstone Project (20+ hours)
FAQs
I want to start the program, but I have already completed the previously released Criteria 1. Do I have to do it again?
Criteria 1 has seen minimal changes, and you can submit the work that you have already completed as soon as you have access to Canvas. Please note that some new assignments may have been added to Criteria 1, and they will be most useful, so be sure to look for those and complete those as well.
I enrolled in the certification program in 2019. What can I expect?
Candidates who paid to enroll in the certification program in 2019 are permitted to submit Criteria 1, 3, and 4 work that was completed as early as one year prior to their original enrollment date. This is an exception for the 2019 cohort. Also, candidates who completed the “Professional Development of Environmental Educators” workshop will be able to check that off of their accomplishments. Likewise, if those same candidates also subsequently took the “Methods of Environmental Education” workshop, you have also received credit for that part of Criteria 2. Contact certification@virginiaee.org to learn your status. Candidates who paid their initial application fee in 2019 will not be required to pay another application fee.
Acknowledgements:
The VAEE would like to extend its heart-felt thanks to the volunteers who serve on the Certification Advisory Board (CAB) for their dedication to carrying the dream of a Virginia EE Certification program forward. Certification program development was begun by the Virginia Office of Environmental Education, but when it was closed in 2016, the VAEE chose to continue this work. A couple of intrepid volunteers kept the process going, and soon the CAB was formed and started on the path to making Virginia EE Certification a reality.
As masterpieces of human creative genius, the Ancient Ohio Earthworks are treasures whose relevance is worldwide and whose significance equals that of the Acropolis, the Pyramids, Stonehenge and other icons of human culture. These sites continue to be meaningful to Native peoples and are considered sacred to those whose tribes were forced from Ohio long ago. These monumental works of archaeoastronomy and landscape architecture bear remarkable testimony to the multifaceted genius of aboriginal North Americans in the Ohio Valley and to an artistic and cultural flowering that had significant impacts all across the continent between 900 and 2,600 years ago. Inscription on the World Heritage List would underscore the cultural significance of these sites and call international attention to these treasures long known to Ohioans.
The Nomination Process
The U.S. Department of the Interior and the National Park Service control and guide the process that culminates in a nomination of these sites to UNESCO – the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization – which administers the World Heritage List.
Currently the – Fort Ancient in Warren County, the Newark Earthworks in Licking County, and the earthworks included in the Hopewell Culture National Historical Park in Ross County.
The Need for Support
A working group of archaeologists, anthropologists, architects, cultural landscape historians, museum and park administrators, and Native Americans are collaborating to complete a draft of this document for review by the National Park Service before a final submission can be made to UNESCO. Funding is needed to continue the progress toward the completion of the draft nomination: consulting with other World Heritage sites and nominee organizations and other experts; performing additional research; compiling all required data; formulating required management plans; developing economic impact studies, and designing the draft document. The experience of other successful U.S. and international applicants for inscription indicates that preparation of the nomination requires at least one full time staff person and – in addition to the contributions of the working group - the services of various consultants, researchers, photographers, graphic designers, and editors. Therefore, we estimate that an investment of between $800,000 and $1,200,000 may be necessary to document the significance of our sites and how they will be managed, in a comprehensive and appropriate manner designed to elicit favorable consideration by UNESCO.
How to Get Involved
If you would like to support this wonderful opportunity to put Ohio’s ancient earthworks on the worldwide map of historically and culturally significant sites, click here. For more information on donating or joining our support group, the Friends of the Ancient Ohio Earthworks, contact Kathy Wyatt at 614.297.2308 or kwyatt@ohiohistory.org.
To learn more about the Ancient Ohio Earthworks, go to:
To learn more about UNESCO and the World Heritage List, go to:
whc.unesco.org
ROME —…
Vatican Mute When Asked if Pope Francis told Biden to Continue Receiving Communion
Pope Francis Invites Delegation of Canadian Indigenous People to Vatican
ROME, Italy — Pope Francis has invited a delegation of indigenous people of Canada to the Vatican in December amidst controversy surrounding the discovery of hundreds of unmarked graves at Church-run schools for natives. Vatican News reported that the encounter will take place this coming December just before Christmas and will include three separate bilateral… […] […] […]
About Those Vatican ‘Walls’
In his short pontificate, Pope Francis has become the Catholic primate non-Catholics love to hate. Whatever you think of the Pope’s very Jesuitical mind and his near-Franciscan notions about humanity, however, the most recent flap about “walls and bridges” once against illustrates several truths: The Pope is not an American politician. The Pope’s remarks are best […]
Vatican Throws Kim Davis Under Bus
First, […]
WAS THERE A COUP IN THE VATICAN TO DEPOSE POPE BENEDICT XVI?
This writer, as well as many other Catholics around the world, were very surprised when His Holiness Pope Benedict XVI said that he would retire on February 11, 2013. Pope Benedict XVI announced his resignation in a speech in Latin before the cardinals in the Vatican, citing a “lack of strength of mind and body” […]
Vatican: Pope’s Meeting with Kim Davis Not a ‘Form of Support’
Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who received national attention for refusing to issue marriage licenses in the wake of the Supreme Court’s Obergefell v. Hodges decision, has been a polarizing figure in the U.S., and even on the Right. Some GOP presidential candidates, for example, believe she ought to just accept current U.S. law on the […]
Obama Invited These People To Meet The Pope — The Vatican Isn’t Happy
President […]
I was happy to see this story last night in the Globe and Mail: Shaming the Obese-with photos like these-isn't working. These photos are, of course, the ubiquitous headless fatty. The article is really well done and hits on a lot of excellent points…
Fat and Not Afraid by JeninCanada is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.
Blog posts January 2011
Shaming the Obese: It Doesn't Work!
Mmm butter: Ditch the low-fat diet
Some good news for butter lovers today (I'm sure I'm not the only one!): it's time to ditch the low-fat diets (and Diets in general) and embrace such lovely things as butter, avocado and olive oil, and essential fatty oils like the ones found in fish…
Blogging for Choice Day
Wicked Wednesday
Lose Hate, Not Weight!
I've got a piece up today over at Fierce Fatties you can check out about Kellogg's "What do you gain when you lose?" campaign, Marilyn Wann and Yay! Scales. Check it out.
P.S I tried to find the commericals for Kellogg's new campaign on youtube but…
Breast is Best...only until 4 months?
Msnbc is reporting this morning on a study done in Britain about babies and breastfeeding. In it, the researchers assert that babies can be started on solid foods (cereal and the like) as early as four months. This flies in the face of most establi…
A non-event Event
Coincidence? I think not!
Ensuring Your Child's Good Body Image
Canadians Not As Healthy As They Think?
The CBC is reporting today on a survey done late last year that indicates Canadians aren't as healthy as they think they are. Just over 2000 Canadians were polled; 1514 adults and 506 youth. You can find the PDF online and follow along with me wh…
Obesity epi-panic targets 9 month olds
So this story was brought to my attention today; "The path toward obesity starts at a young age - even before babies transition to a solid diet, according to a new study. [...] Even in the first year of life, many babies fall into these two categ…
This year's Southern Living Idea House by Bunny Williams featured a tweed stair runner which I think is quite good for wear and tear. I also love its casual but traditional look and feel. You can also check out my previous posts on the master bedroom, kitchen - dining room, great room, den and butler's pantry.
Tuesday, December 29, 2015
Tweed Stair Runner - very smart
Posted by My Notting Hill at 12/29/2015
Labels: 2015 Southern Living Idea House
2 comments:
been meaning to tell you i loved the showhouse when I went 2 weeks ago! so glad you wrote about it and brought it too my attention. I keep meaning to write a post myself. Lovely house.
We chose a black and white tweed tight woven for my dear friends runner and so far its standing up great to your two little dogs!! I just love Bunny Williams timeless style! Happy New year, K
In 2008, after a 15 year fundraising drive which culminated in the challenge
to raise £40,000 in 40 days, our fabulous new village
hall was opened. Find out more about this remarkable journey
to keep the 100-year-old building at the heart of our community,
and ready for another century of work.
While it may have been a big achievement from the outset,
it was one which received overwhelming and essential
support from a number of trust funds, including the Big Lottery
in Scotland.
It's a remarkable achievement after 15 years of work for
a group of dedicated volunteers who have remained committed
to dragging the historic building and community amenity firmly
into the 21st century. In the words of the committee, a 'new
and exciting facility' has been created to replace the 'much-loved
but decrepit building' that has in the past excluded a proportion
of the community due to its lack of modern-day amenities.
The transformation of the hall into a vibrant, multi-activity
centre for the whole community is now no longer a pipedream.
The entire project didn't come cheap, however. But thanks
to an extensive round of fundraising initiatives, such as
music nights and raffles and donations from a number of local
and national funds, and drawing on the infallible enthusiasm
and commitment for the regeneration project to succeed, work
started on site in the summer of 2007. This was in no small way
due to the amazing, worldwide response to an 11th hour appeal
to raise a spectacular £40,000
in 40 Days by the deadline of 30th June.
To all those who donated to the £40,000 in 40 Days Appeal - thank you! We couldn't have done it without you.
View the photos of our hall taking shape
Gregory Johnson
CEO
Updated On : Sep 28, 2017
Gregory Johnson is the current CEO. You can find Gregory Johnson's linkedin profile, phone numbers, wiki, twitter, and biography on Franklin Templeton Investments's Lead411 profile, as well as Franklin Templeton Investments email addresses with the @franklintempleton.com domain format. Gregory Johnson's email may or may not be inside the profile. Franklin Templeton Investments is situated in St. Simons, GA. You can find their contact information on Lead411 categorized under Investment bank/brokerage. People:
Gregory J. Bamberg - Other
Fibernet Direct's Sr. Field Service Technician is where Gregory J. Bamberg is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is . They are based in Sweetwater, FL, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Telecom software industry. Gregory J. Bamberg's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Fibernet Direct email addresses on Lead411 with the @fibernetdirect.com domain. Some possible email formats for Gregory J. Bamberg are GJ. Bamberg@fibernetdirect.com, Gregory.J. Bamberg@fibernetdirect.com, Gregory@fibernetdirect.com, and Gregory_J. Bamberg@fibernetdirect.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@fibernetdirect.com addresses.
Gregory Jackson - Executive
A Chief Scientific Officer at MacuLogix, Inc based in Middletown, PA, Gregory Jackson has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Maculogix, Inc in our Biotech/healthcare category. The company CEO is John Edwards. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Gregory Jackson' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Gregory Jackson. Some possible email formats for Gregory Jackson are GJackson@maculogix.com, Gregory.Jackson@maculogix.com, Gregory@maculogix.com, and Gregory_Jackson@maculogix.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@maculogix.com addresses.
Gregory Jackson - Other
Located in Holmdel, NJ Vonage Holdings Corp. has Gregory Jackson serving as the organization's Advanced Operations Tech. Need Gregory Jackson's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Vonage Holdings Corp. Lead411 profile, along with their Vonage Holdings Corp. email addresses using the domain. Search for Vonage Holdings Corp. on Lead411 under the Telecom/wireless services industry. Some possible email formats for Gregory Jackson are GJackson@vonage.com, Gregory.Jackson@vonage.com, Gregory@vonage.com, and Gregory_Jackson@vonage.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@vonage.com addresses.
Similar Employees:
Kenneth Lewis - Finance
A St. Simons, GA-based organization, Franklin Templeton Investments is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @franklintempleton.com email addresses, as well as details on Kenneth Lewis's email, the organization's CFO. Their profile can be found in Investment bank/brokerage category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Kenneth Lewis, you can also find them in Lead411. Some possible email formats for Kenneth Lewis are KLewis@franklintempleton.com, Kenneth.Lewis@franklintempleton.com, Kenneth@franklintempleton.com, and Kenneth_Lewis@franklintempleton.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@franklintempleton.com addresses.
Craig Tyle - Executive
A EVP General Counsel at Franklin Templeton Investments based in St. Simons, GA, Craig Tyle has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Franklin Templeton Investments in our Investment bank/brokerage category. The company CEO is Gregory Johnson. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Craig Tyle' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Craig Tyle. Some possible email formats for Craig Tyle are CTyle@franklintempleton.com, Craig.Tyle@franklintempleton.com, Craig@franklintempleton.com, and Craig_Tyle@franklintempleton.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@franklintempleton.com addresses.
Jennifer Johnson - Operations
If you need @franklintempleton.com email addresses for Franklin Templeton Investments, you can find them on Lead411 as Jennifer Johnson's email might be available. Jennifer Johnson, the company's COO, also has extensive contact information, including Franklin Templeton Investments's facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. St. Simons, GA-based Franklin Templeton Investments can be found on Lead411 under the Investment bank/brokerage industry. Some possible email formats for Jennifer Johnson are JJohnson@franklintempleton.com, Jennifer.Johnson@franklintempleton.com, Jennifer@franklintempleton.com, and Jennifer_Johnson@franklintempleton.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@franklintempleton.com addresses.
People Directory > Gregory Johnson
05-09-2017 08:23 AM
Hello everyone,
I have a question about CAN interface PXI-8512. I have two chassis with PXIe 8880 controllers and with PXI-8512 interface modules.
I need to exchange data between those two PXI 8880 controllers and the question is if I can use PXI-8512 modules to send and receive data with CAN protocol? The data is from third part custom device (vehicle simulator). If it is not possible, how can I exchange data between two controllers?
Thank you for answer.
05-10-2017 05:34 AM
Hello krzesniak1,
the direct answer to your question is yes, you can use CAN to share data between your controllers.
In my opinion it is not the best way though. If the controllers are networked, you can use shared variables (network-published) as explained in this white paper:
THis will give you a smoother programming experience and more flexibility than CAN. Obviously, it may be better to use CAN if you want this data to be a part of a bigger system that uses this communication protocol.
As an unrelated tip, it is best to think of PXI controllers as computers, so you can use any way of communication you would normally use between two computers (TCP, ftp, UDP etc.)
Best Regards,
Nick
AE@NIUK
05-15-2017 06:20 AM
Thank you for your advice. However I also use VeriStand to deploy a project and I am not sure how to use a shared variables with VeriStand. I also tried with udp communication, however I did not succeed.
Do you know may be an example where communication between two PXIs is well explained?
Best regards,
krzesniak1
This site uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Learn more about our privacy statement and cookie policy.
By Charles Robinson
Read Online or Download Aesop's Fables PDF
Best fairy tales books
During this loved story, Little crimson driving Hood is uneasy while her grandmother seems to be suspiciously like a sly wolf that she met alongside the way in which. kids will eagerly proceed interpreting to determine what is going to take place whilst the wolf indicates how monstrous and sharp his tooth are! --Between the pages of the Brighter Child(R) memento tales books are the vintage stories of magic, mind's eye, and suggestion that would pride youngsters time and again.
Rhea is a typical miller’s daughter, engaged to be married below suspicious conditions to a guy no longer of her selecting. He has unknown powers and a manor apartment filled with mysterious women.
Rhea has a hedgehog.
It’s not likely going to be sufficient.
Dead of Winter (The Arcana Chronicles, Book 3)
Can Evie persuade her rival likes to interact? Their survival is dependent upon it during this 3rd booklet of number 1 big apple occasions bestselling writer Kresley Cole's Arcana Chronicles, a nonstop motion story of rescue, redemption, and a revenge so much wicked.
Heartbreaking decisions
Evie was once nearly seduced via the lifetime of convenience that loss of life provided her--until Jack used to be threatened by way of of the main awful Arcana, The fanatics. she's going to do whatever to avoid wasting him, even break out Death's uncanny felony, choked with attractive items, fabric comforts . . . and stolen glances from a former love.
Uncertain victory
Despite leaving part of her center in the back of with loss of life, Evie units out right into a perilous post-apocalyptic wilderness to fulfill up along with her allies and release an assault at the enthusiasts. Such bold enemies require a conflict plan, and the single approach to kill them may perhaps suggest Evie, Jack, and demise allying. Evie doesn't comprehend what is going to turn demise. Will this not going trio have the ability to defeat The fanatics with out killing each other first . . . ?
- The Elves And The Shoemaker
- Welsh fairy tales
- Anansi and the Box of Stories: A West African Folktale (On My Own Folklore)
- The blue fairy book
- The Making Of The Asean Charter
Additional resources for Aesop's Fables
Example text
A cold frosty day in winter, the Ants were dragging out some of the corn which they had laid up in ON summer-time, so as to air The it. Grass- hopper, half-starved with hunger, begged the ants to give him a morsel of it to save his life. " "Well," says the Grasshopper, "but was not idle either, for I sung out the " " whole season Nay, then," said the " do well to make a merry Ants, you'll I ! " was sleeping in his lair, when ALIGN a Mouse, not looking where he was going, ran over the mighty beast's nose and awakened him..
Roberto Alagna – My Life Is An Opera (2014) [PrestoClassical FLAC 24bit/96kHz]
Roberto Alagna – My Life Is An Opera (2014)
FLAC (tracks) 24-bit/96 kHz | Time – 00:57:23 minutes | 1,05 GB | Genre: Classical, Opera
Studio Master, Official Digital Download – Source: prestoclassical.co.uk | © Deutsche Grammophon
Recorded: AIR Studios (Londres) du 1er au 6 septembre 2014 et à Abbey Road Studios (Londres) le 8 Septembre 2014
Roberto Alagna is THE most well-known French tenor worldwide, with 30 years of career on stage, and 60 opera roles in his repertoire. For this all-new album, he sings selections both familiar and less well-known as well as duets with soprano Aleksandra Kurzak. Highlghts include selections from I Pagliacci, Manon Lescaut, Madama Butterfly, Roberto Devereux and many more.
A cynic might look at Roberto Alagna’s new disc, ‘My Life is an Opera’, and think, ‘At least he admits it’. From his stormy La Scala stage departure to his relationship with Angela Gheorghiu, Alagna’s personal life is…well, operatic. Somewhat embarrassingly, the disc’s booklet has each of the arias listed (out of order from their disc sequencing) to illustrate some signpost in his life, though instead of dealing with the aforementioned incidents in this loose autobiography, the text speaks of the ‘meteoric’ rise of this ‘golden-voiced handsome young genius’. (Oh dear.)
But anyone who thought the medium-weight Alagna voice was on the way out with his Radamès and Otello might be dumbfounded at his excellent state of vocal health on the disc, and the sure dramatic instincts behind it. Most of the repertoire seems new to Alagna’s discography, though there are very few signs of having just learnt arias from Gluck’s Orfeo, The Queen of Sheba (both the Gounod and Goldmark versions) and Reyer’s Sigurd.
Aside from forays into Puccini’s Manon Lescaut and Leoncavallo’s Pagliacci, the programme seems to signify a re-commitment to his fundamentally mid-weight lyric vocal personality, not playing safe in the way he builds phrases and longer-term musical climaxes but rarely pushing his limits (the closest he comes is in an excerpt from his brother David Alagna’s opera Le dernier jour d’un condamné ). Lensky’s aria from Eugene Onegin is in French translation, not Russian. Bel canto choices such as the dramatically charged duet from Roberto Devereux (with Aleksandra Kurzak) don’t require serious coloratura.
The biggest vocal surprise is ‘Magische Töne’ from the Goldmark Sheba, in which Alagna goes into the falsetto stratosphere with a musico-dramatic effect that stands well alongside performances by the great tenors of the past, including Nicolai Gedda and Leo Slezak. Alagna doesn’t have a particularly strong-minded collaborator in the London Orchestra (an ensemble I’ve never heard of) and its Director Yvan Cassar. But recorded sound is first-class. –David Patrick Stearns, Gramophone
Tracklist:
Giacomo Puccini (1858-1924)
1. Manon Lescaut / Act 2: Ah ! Manon, mi tradisce 2:52
2. Manon Lescaut / Act 1: Donna non vidi mai 2:41
Piotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky (1840-1893)
Eugene Onegin, Op.24 / Act 2
3. Pour moi ce jour est tout mystère… 5:47
Charles François Gounod (1818-1893)
La Reine de Saba / Act 2
4. Faiblesse de la race humaine. Inspirez-moi, race divine… 5:00
Gaspar Antonio Olavarría Maytín (1840-1891)
5. A La Luz De La Luna 3:48
Gioacchino Antonio Rossini (1792-1868)
6. La Danza – Tarentelle Napolitaine 3:22
Ernest Reyer (1823-1909)
Sigurd / Act 2
7. Esprits gardiens de ces lieux… 4:31
Gaetano Donizetti (1797-1848)
Roberto Devereux / Act 1
8. Un tenero cuore 3:25
9. Cabaletta : Un lampo, un lampo orribile 2:45
Giacomo Puccini (1858-1924)
Madama Butterfly / Act 2
10. Addio fiorito asil 2:03
Jules Emile Frederic Massenet (1842-1912)
Hérodiade
11. Ne pouvant réprimer… Adieu donc 4:55
Christoph Willibald Gluck (1714-1787)
Orfeo ed Euridice (Orphée et Eurydice), Wq. 30 – Arr. D. Alagna
12. Che faro senza Euridice 3:52
Karl Goldmark (1830-1915)
Die Königin von Saba
13. Magishe Töne 3:59
David Alagna (b.1975)
Le dernier jour d’un condamné / Act 2
14. Il est dix heures… Encore six heures… 3:59
Ruggiero Leoncavallo (1857-1919)
15. Pagliacci / Prologue: Introduction 1:10
16. Pagliacci / Act 1: Recitar… Vesti la giubba 3:14
Personnel:
Roberto Alagna, tenor
Aleksandra Kurzak, soprano (#5,8,9)
London Orchestra
Yvan Cassar, conductor
Balancing Preparation and Flexibility in a Time of Uncertainty
With the start of a new school year coming up, teachers are tasked with creating a meaningful learning experience for their deaf and hard of hearing students for the upcoming year. Doing this while navigating Coronavirus is especially challenging. Many have been asked to plan for a semester that accommodates hybrid learning or the flexibility of transitioning from in-person to digital learning at a moment’s notice.
This coming Fall, a teacher’s responsibilities will extend far beyond restructuring their curricula. We know that teachers have an important impact on a child’s mental/physical health, social well being, and more. With everything that our students have been dealing with since March, this impact is more important than ever. Balancing all of these responsibilities, with new school guidelines, in addition to protecting their own health is a lot for one person to handle.
We at CSD Learns want to ease that burden.
CSD Learns STEM Toolkits Are the Adaptable Resources You Need
We have worked with subject matter experts to create a series of STEM Teacher’s Toolkits to use in elementary, middle, and high school. These toolkits are easy to implement online, in-person – or both simultaneously.
Featuring deaf and hard of hearing role models, each toolkit provides educators with several weeks’ worth of lessons (in ASL) that students will love. Each free toolkit has videos, interactive activities, quizzes and more. Keep reading to find the perfect toolkit for your classroom.
Teach Your Middle Schoolers to Stay Safe Online
With our students spending so much time online –even more now with virtual learning – it’s important they know how to stay safe.
Our Developing Your Cybersense Toolkits, created in partnership with RIT/NTID, provide you with four weeks of lessons on cybersecurity. Your students will learn about topics like information security, digital footprints, social media use, and fake news from four deaf and hard of hearing role models.
Inspire your High Schoolers to Pursue a Career in STEM
Did you know that deaf and hard of hearing workers who pursue STEM careers earn up to 30% more than deaf workers in non-STEM careers? In addition to that, STEM careers are projected to grow by nearly 9% over the next eight years. It’s the perfect time to be encouraging students to pursue and education in STEM.
Our “Immersion in STEM” series highlights careers in four different areas of STEM; immunology, nanoengineering, programming, and statistics. Your high schoolers will learn about what it takes to have a successful career in STEM from four pros who’ve been there before!
Pique Your Elementary Students’ Interest in STEM
It’s never too early for your students to start learning about their immune system, how their computers work, why math is important, what goes into the technology they use every day – and more.
Our “All About STEM” series covers important foundational concepts in immunology, programming, statistics, and engineering, all in a way that will excite and engage your younger students.
Flexible, Free STEM Courses for Deaf and Hard of Hearing Students
With so many uncertainties in the year coming up ahead – let CSD Learns take away one of them. Our Teachers Toolkits are ready-made and as adaptable as you need them to be. Sign up below to get access to our free resources.
What happens when an exclusive list of top wedding vendors come together to work on a photoshoot? You get “Majestic Splendour“!
This is a treasure trove of wedding inspiration for brides and grooms with royal aspirations for their big day.
Read all about it below and view all the fabulous photos on BellaNaija Weddings
***.
Acknowledgements & Vendors
The team is very grateful to His Grace, The Duke of Marlborough, for granting us such unprecedented access at a time when he was in residence and to the wonderful team at Blenheim Palace for their support weddings as much as you do! Get in touch…
weddings (at) bellanaija.com
Gorgeous!
this is so so so so so lovely
GOSH this is incredibly gorgeous, I’ve always loved the palace as a local but this shoot is drool worthy! Would have loved if they featured the grounds a bit more. Stunning
FABULOUSLY DONE, the cakes r the best of all 4 me followed by the decorations n settings. Overall, its really beautiful.
Very nice and clear picture …… Thumbs up to Mr Alakija again
The only down side, the wedding gowns are so outdated and not trendy ……. Hardly any of the wedding dresses made me say “awwwwwww”
The wedding gowns are in the 90 s so i am a bit confused as this is 2013 …. Those gowns are at best HIDEOUS and take away from the wonderful skills of the photographer. As in seriously who will wear those gowns now for their wedding . The styles are very outdated
Thot I was the only one not seeing “the light”
My sista May God bless you!!!!
The dresses are sooooooo… ugly it is unbelievable. The deco is great, but that’s because it’s in hand and the venue is beautiful.
The cakes are just okay, the gold trimmings on the cake are not smooth, could be better. A little OTT for me.
omg, thought it was just me. worst dresses ever!
This will make you wanna spend money.Classy, Royal, Splendid.
Always fabulous work when it comes to these guys, they are masters of their craft. Inspiration mode activates. Those table layouts are just mwah!
Please apart from the wedding cakes, the dessert table which were certainly impeccably done, the rest of it was blah to me. The tablecloths looked rumpled and frumpy; the wedding dresses not so fabulous, I was actually disappointed.
Please who wears braids on their wedding day??? Let alone very old braids?
There is no inspiration here, nothing I can take away from the photos and nothing that will make me want to contact any of the vendor.
I know plenty people who have worn braids on their wedding day my cousins included. That most Nigerian brides don’t doesn’t mean that the rest of Africa and black female population does not. Not old ones like these I am talking about three day old beautifully styled braids, And aren’t sisters who where locs also braided in a sense and they wear their hair like that for their weddings.
thank God ur name is naija talk. let the oga at the top catch you making such statements. everything about it is lovely.
Omg, this is crazy. I love!!!
Impressive!!!!!!!
Love everything except the dresses. They make these photos look like it’s 1993.
nenisnaija.blogspot.com/
Absolutely lovely!nice concept
Beautiful!
This is absolutely different and nice…The bouquet ,gowns,table setting reminds me of David Tetura of my Fair wedding, picture quality just on point….rush to my blog for 2013 trending ideas for brides… barbranewton.blogspot.co.uk
never knew silk flowers could look so natural on a table centerpiece…vely nyyyyc in borat’s voice
SoOOo pretty. I want everything!!!
ajiristyle.blogspot.com/
This is absolutely stunning. Love the cakes and sweet treats and the dresses. x
Gbam. Another gorgeous shoot. The cakes are just wonderful. I love the table settings, flowers, the bouquets and stationery. In short, everything dey nice.
These photos are superb. The cakes are fiine sha. Am always happy to see Nigerians abroad doing well. At least their leg don enter palace. The bad bele people commenting here, their leg no even enter shack. Chei! Read and weep.
Bella Naija don bring anoda one come. Me I like the tings I dey see. Make we no lie this is goood. As for those wey no like am una no fit aford am sha and una dey come back to comment ova and ova.
This exudes class, me likey…….
awesome, true royalty! love it!
Hi, I am with Sage Magazine and we would love to feature this in our April issue. Just let us know if you are interested. Thank you! sagemagazineonline@gmail.com, sagemagazineonline.com
Beautiful in every way. I love it.
Very, very nice work. Everything coordinates well, well. Am a cake maker and one day a go fit make some of this cake design.
simply classy….
I agree that they should have showcased the grounds and gardens more. Really beautiful and the dresses are perfect for the theme they are portraying.
so damn gorgeous!!!! i saved some pix lol >>>> am an up coming fashion designer
Fantastic work in every way. I love when creatives get together. Kudos.
Diseased Body in Wuthering Heights Essay
Diseased Body in Wuthering Heights
In Wuthering Heights by Emily Bronte it can be viewed that there is “more suffering caused by a diseased mind than by a diseased body.” The idea of a “diseased mind” is a mental illness or madness and the “diseased body” is a physical illness or injury, both of which are displayed by many characters in Wuthering Heights.
Heathcliff is a prime example of a character with a “diseased mind” that causes him suffering. He spends the majority of his life contemplating and acting out revenge towards Hindley and the Lintons because he believes it was their fault Catherine thought it would “degrade” her to marry Heathcliff, even though she loved him; this is one example of his unstable mind set. In chapter 9 Nelly foreshadows the suffering of Heathcliff by saying “if you [Catherine] are his choice, he’ll be the most unfortunate creature,” this is because Nelly understands that society wouldn’t accept the pair to marry, therefore Heathcliff will be unfortunately heartbroken. Heathcliff believes that Catherine is a part of him: “I cannot live without my soul,” he says which highlights that he is suffering without her. It is from this heartbreak and suffering that his “diseased mind” commenced. Heathcliff’s “diseased mind” heightens when he asks for Catherine to “haunt” him when she is dead; haunting is an element of the Gothic genre but the madness of Heathcliff is enhanced when he requests that Catherine drives him “mad.”
The word “mad” is ambiguous in this quotation because it could be viewed that Heathcliff wants to be haunted until he is angry with Catherine so he can destroy his love for her. An alternative view is that Heathcliff wants to be haunted until he is insane and suffering since he is desperate to see Catherine, this becomes true because after Catherine’s death Heathcliff’s mind is haunted by his love for her. Jerold E. Hogle explains this is accurate because characters in Gothic novels are “haunted psychologically” and this is accurately shown through the character of Heathcliff. His mind is “diseased” by his separation from Catherine due to her choice of partner and her death, which causes him and everyone in the novel immense suffering because of his vengeance.
Heathcliff’s unconditional love causes Catherine’s “melancholy” “mental state” because it is overwhelming and she is in love with him but a Victorian society wouldn’t accept their relationship because of the Heathcliff’s very low class, which would result in them being “beggars.” Catherine has “a peculiar expression arising from her mind set” before she tells Heathcliff “you have killed me,” this highlights her “diseased mind” and the suffering it is causing her because she hasn’t died yet but it could be interpreted that she feels as though she has which emphasises her suffering, but also her madness. The “peculiar expression” that Catherine is described to have could be because she was “thinking… of Wuthering Heights.”
The “expression” could be interpreted as a smile, which would be “peculiar” to Nelly because she has been depressed living with Edgar, therefore a smile would be unusual; David Punter explains “Gothic reminds us we are driven by our passions” and Catherine’s passion is Heathcliff, which would explain her “expression” when thinking about Wuthering Heights. This idea of Catherine’s thought process in her “diseased mind” emphasises her pain and suffering because she cannot be without Heathcliff, her “soul,” yet she is continuously thinking about him, this is essentially what drives her insane.
Catherine’s mental suffering is closely linked with her physical suffering which is an example that represents the “diseased body” in Wuthering Heights. Another character with a “diseased body” in Wuthering Heights is Isabella, whose “bruised” body is a valid example of suffering. Heathcliff’s “diseased mind” causes him to abuse Isabella which leads to her suffering and her injured body
A
Subject: Mind, Suffering,
University/College: University of Arkansas System
Type of paper: Thesis/Dissertation Chapter
Date: 17 August 2016
Words:
Pages:
We will write a custom essay sample on Diseased Body in Wuthering Heights
for only $16.38 $13.9/page
your testimonials

5 Ways To Totally Make Your Mums Day
Don't stress about what you need to buy for your mother's special occasion; for most Mum's the best present is your presence.
Yes it's that simple, just spend time with her, no store bought card, bunch of flowers or chocolates will warm her heart as much as any small efforts to show her how much she is appreciated.
To help here are 5 ideas to choose from which are sure to make your Mum feel special and happy.
1. As I mentioned presence is key, Mum was born before the information age, she misses the simplicity of these times. Go old school, put your phone away and have a good old chat with your Mum. Share something significant that's going on in your life and then ask her what it was like for her at your age. Her memories of this time are really vivid and you are likely to have some similar experiences to draw upon.
2. Go on a road trip together. Listen to music, chat and explore somewhere neither of you have been before.
3. Your Mum is going to love and cherish any home made gifts. She will spill over with joy knowing that you took some time to think about her.
- Make a card, or art piece, write a poem or a story.
- Make her a movie or a photo collage.
- Make a playlist of all the songs she loves.
4. Do something you love with your Mum. Dance, yoga, art, cycling.... if you are passionate about it, then your Mum will love this glimpse into your world.
Last but not least...
5. The thing that will totally make your Mums day is to tell her you love her, let her know you appreciate all she has done for you and that you value her little pearls of wisdom.
2: MANAGEMENT FUNCTIONS David P. Zgarrick View Full Chapter Figures Only Tables Only Videos Only Print Share Email Twitter Facebook Linkedin Reddit Get Citation Citation AMA Citation Zgarrick DP. Zgarrick D.P. Zgarrick, David P.MANAGEMENT239995. Accessed January 16, 2018. MLA Citation Zgarrick DP. Zgarrick D.P. Zgarrick, David P.. "MANAGEMENT239995. Download citation file: RIS (Zotero) EndNote BibTex Medlars ProCite RefWorks Reference Manager Mendeley © Copyright Tools Search Book Top Return Clip Autosuggest Results ++ ABOUT THE AUTHOR ++ Dr. Zgarrick is Acting Dean and professor of the School of Pharmacy at Northeastern University’s Bouvé College of Health Sciences. He received a BS degree in pharmacy from the University of Wisconsin and a MS and PhD in pharmaceutical administration from the Ohio State University. He has practice experience in both independent and chain community pharmacy settings. He teaches courses in pharmacy management, business planning for professional services, and drug literature evaluation. His research interests are in pharmacist workforce issues, professional service development, and the use of evidence-based medicine by pharmacists. ++ LEARNING OBJECTIVES ++ LEARNING OBJECTIVES After completing this chapter, readers should be able to Define the terms management and manager. Describe how concepts in management figure into our everyday lives. Compare and contrast management and leadership. Compare and contrast classical views of management with modern views. Describe the management process within the contexts of what managers do, resources they manage, and levels at which managers perform their roles. Integrate modern views of management with the management process. Apply the management process to all personal and professional activities. ++ SCENARIO ++ Krista Connelly is a second-year pharmacy student. Like most second-year students, she describes her life as “incredibly stressed out.” A typical day consists of getting up at 6 am, getting dressed and running out the door by 7 am, and driving to school to get to her first class by 8 am (making sure to avoid the accident on the expressway that she heard about on her way out the door). While at school, she finds time to squeeze in cups of coffee and snack bars between the lectures, labs, and workshops that usually last until at least 4 pm. She also makes a point to go to the library to prepare upcoming assignments, as well as to meet with her professors to review how she did on her examinations. ++ After class today, Krista has an Academy of Students of Pharmacy (ASP) meeting. Krista is the president of her chapter and works with committee chairs to accomplish the goals of the organization. In the past few weeks, she has helped the new professional service chairperson develop a diabetes screening program, talked her fundraising chairperson out of quitting, and wrote a report on each committee’s activities for the chapter website. While Krista enjoys her leadership role in ASP, she finds some of the people she works with to be frustrating and wonders how she can motivate them to do a better job. ++ After her meeting, Krista drives to a fast-food restaurant to grab a quick dinner on her way to her part-time pharmacy intern job. If she is not working, she will head to a friend’s house to study for an upcoming examination. She usually gets back to her apartment by 10 pm and mentally prepares for what she needs to
.
Compassion & Choices President Barbara Coombs Lee made a comment during an end-of-life (EOL) panel discussion that resonated fully: to help more people die in peace we need to “redefine the standard of care at end of life.”
Think about this. Redefine the standard of care at end of life.
This compact statement is everything required to support us all in achieving the peaceful demise virtually all of us say we want, yet barely an inverse number achieve. It’s so simple, and so profound.
Barbara’s phrase takes the act of redefining language—my launching point when conceiving and discussing how to advocate when hospitalized, and how to achieve a peaceful demise—to a fully dimensional place. Because language, no matter it’s power, is less dimensional than action. Language, as powerful as it is in framing our expectations and thoughts, merely informs action. Action in medicine equals treatment. Treatment is fully dimensional. We act on language; we experience treatment. We die, and survivors live, with the results of treatment choices we make, or fail to make.
The advent of life support technologies in the 1960s and development of a home for them (the intensive care unit, or ICU) has its clinically logical extension in the chronic ICU facility, with floors of beds for dozens or hundreds of comatose bodies maintained on life support).
Applying this technology endlessly, some would say mindlessly, at the end of life has evolved into the standard of care. But by whose definition?
The irony of American culture is that we seem to pay homage to the notion of individuality yet in many matters, especially how we exit this planet, we traipse along like lemmings. Medicine has defined the EOL standard of care. By and large citizens have acquiesced to medicine’s definition, even with survivors from family after family recoiling from their experiences.
My mantra bears repeating: we actually have to do something in order to increase the likelihood of dying in peace. I begin to articulate what it is we must do here and here.
Part of my language assessment is that our experience of treatment does not feel like or equate to care. Yet providers believe that the treatment they offer equals care. Now, we’ll never strip the letters ‘care’ from the healthcare conversation, for evident reason. But we can examine and clarify obfuscating language so as not to lose the first week of a terminal (or any) hospitalization to bewilderment over what is not happening and what is happening.
What constitutes the standard of care has been invisible, like the air in a flotation device. The device is nothing without the air, yet we never think or speak in terms of that air, only the floaty. But redefining the standard of care is something we can act on and influence. Because that’s about agreement, and consent or refusal to consent. That’s our personal, social, and legal right. The right to informed consent at end of life is being slowly codified into law. But that’s all about the provider side. What about the citizen side?
THE missing voice from panel after panel about EOL matters is ours: citizens’. By “citizens” I mean informed citizens; patient-family members who’ve been through the forest and have mapped it. Articulate people who’ve transformed from harmed persons into patient advocates or activists. We have insightful comments to add because we have deeply parsed the kinds of experiences you really do not want your patient-family to have.
We’re out here. Some, like me, have been recognized by the Institute of Healthcare Improvement (IHI), a well-respected non-profit responsible for significant advances inpatient safety. Redefining the standard of care requires more than panels of medical and policy experts with no informed citizen representation.
Patient advocates bring a different voice to the conversation. I suspect our voice is regarded as scary by panel hosts (if not many panelists) because it necessarily comes from gut level. This implies real feeling, but does not imply craziness. Ours is the voice of passionate clarification, not the dispassionate voice of the clinic or the legislature.
The simple truth is this: including the informed citizens’ voice in every panel discussion is the first step towards redefining the end-of-life standard of care.
A Chili's parking lot in Florida marked the beginning of a tragedy Sunday evening when a local man attacked his wife, then picked up his two young children from the babysitter's and shot them before turning the gun on himself, Seminole County deputies reported.
The sequence of events began when the suspect, 30-year-old Henry Brown, hid in his estranged wife's trunk until she left the restaurant. Records indicate that their marriage had been rocky ever since his wife, 31-year-old Chericia Brown, had an injunction issued in January following a domestic battery report from the month before.
Upon leaving the restaurant around 10 p.m., Chericia was rushed by Henry, who had been lying in wait, and stabbed multiple times. The attack prompted a nurse and paramedic, who were dining at the establishment, to come and help, but that's when Henry returned to the scene in a bid to finish the job by running her over - and hitting the two good Samaritans in the process.
Afterward, Henry drove to Alamonte Springs and changed vehicles to a Ford F250. While there, he also picked up his two children - a 1-year-old daughter and 4-year-old son - from the babysitter.
With the two in tow, he headed to Central Florida Regional Hospital in search of his wife, but security and witnesses recognized him, prompting him to pull out his gun and open fire on law enforcement and security personnel in an attempt to flee. Deputies said they returned fire, but were unable to prevent him from fleeing to Interstate 4.
He drove westbound along the interstate, eventually being discovered by police near the Seminole-Volusia county line just minutes later. Deputies successfully used stop sticks to slow Henry's vehicle down, but upon closing in to arrest him, they found him as well as his two children dead inside.
Investigators said they believe Brown killed his children at some point after picking them up, then committed suicide while police prepared to apprehend him.
As if that wasn't bad enough, at some point during the night, Chericia died at the hospital from her injuries.
I-4 near the St. Johns River Bridge was shut down for hours after the incident, but has since reopened.
The Florida Department of Law Enforcement is investigating the shooting at the hospital.
By Ann Brocklehurst
Originally published Wednesday, April 1, 1992 in the International Herald Tribune
As the costs of unification prove more of a strain on Berlin’s finances than the expense of maintaining a divided city ever did, political and business leaders are counting on a major economic expansion to ease the pressure.
They believe that the German government’s decision to move from Bonn to Berlin will attract business and generate tax revenues in a way that was never possible during the Cold War years. But before the city is able to cut its dependence on federal government funds, it is receiving lavish sums to help it pay for the overhaul of East Berlin’s rotting infrastructure and the merging of its eastern and western halves into one modern city.
Of its total 1992 budget of 41.88 billion Deutsche marks (about $25 billion), Berlin will receive 38 percent in subsidies from the German government, raise 13 percent through new borrowing and generate 26 percent through taxes.
Finance Senator Elmar Pieroth said the debt level, one that would be considered irresponsible under normal circumstances, was unavoidable given the magnitude of the job to be done.
“We have no other choice,” he said in an interview. “We can’t build the Wall back and make the East stay at the level it is today.”
East Berlin’s needs range from sewer equipment to telecommunications systems and include just about everything in between. Both East and West Berlin need housing, efficient power generating and distribution equipment, and better road connections to each other and the rest of Germany.
While it is clear that many improvements have already been made – public transportation runs efficiently between East and West and the phone lines across town are no longer as impossibly busy as they once were – there remains more work to be done than originally estimated. The Berlin and German governments have already begun negotiations to extend payments from the special German Unity Fund beyond the planned cutoff date of 1995. Also being discussed is the timetable for the federal government’s move to Berlin. While Berlin is lobbying for it to take place as soon as possible, the federal government seems to want to postpone both the move and the accompanying bills until the late nineties.
Earlier this year, Bonn even floated a trial balloon, suggesting some ministries should remain where they are.
“The move is more difficult than expected,” said Siemens AG Vice President Joachim Putzmann, chief of the electrical and electronics company’s Berlin administration. While he is optimistic about Berlin’s future, Mr. Putzmann said there are still very few decision-makers in the city and German business needs to see the government back in Berlin before it relocates key people and operations.
The pace of Berlin’s expansion will be partially reflected in the growth of the city’s taxes, which are targeted to triple to 18.5 billion marks in 1995 from 6.09 billion marks in 1990. Mr. Pieroth said 4 billion marks of the increase will come from new economic activity in East Berlin, 3 billion marks from general economic growth and 3 billion marks from the phasing out of the tax breaks granted to West Berlin business before unification, when the West German government compensated companies for the disadvantage of their geographic and economic location in the middle of East Germany.
The loss of the tax breaks is proving to have a variety of effects, often depending on the type of business involved. Retailers, who have been flooded with new customers from Eastern Germany, and producers of consumer goods and foodstuffs, who have found it relatively easy to boost their sales in the newly accessible surrounding markets, will tend not to suffer.
But other companies, such as the pharmaceutical and chemical giant Schering AG, say profits are being hit despite an aggressive sales and marketing push into Central and Eastern Europe. “The structure of the economy in these countries and the lack of hard currency has complicated our plan to increase sales,” said Horst Kramp, a member of Schering’s executive board. “In the short term, we can’t compensate for our higher costs through increased sales so we must save wherever we can.”
Although Schering, the only major German company that currently has its headquarters in Berlin, does not plan to cut either jobs or investment, its rationalization program and comparable cost-cutting at other firms has had a ripple effect on the Berlin economy.
The owner of a small language school who expected business to improve thanks to increased demand from East Berliners keen to learn English has seen any such benefit canceled out as regular corporate customers have cut back on extras.
Small business has also been squeezed by the skyrocketing rates for office rental and the sharply higher costs of land.
ALTHOUGH there have been numerous calls for the government to control the rise of property and rental costs both for business and housing, Mr. Pieroth said Berliners must adapt to the prices, which are no higher than in other West German cities.
Despite the greater influence of market forces in both East and West Berlin’s economic life, neither business leaders or politicians envisage a day when the city will be able to do entirely without government support. Berlin will always need a certain amount of help to pay for its many expensive cultural and educational institutions. As a consequence of its history as a divided city, Berlin has separate museum systems, universities, national theater companies and opera houses. While some of the museum collections can be merged and a few of the smaller theaters privatized, Berlin believes that in its role as Germany’s capital, it is crucial to keep the rest.
617-291-8171 | info@vancekoven.com | LinkedIn
Thursday, April 16, 2020
One conc ...read more
Monday, February 04, 2019
Is it 2019 yet? Last Thursday (1°F in Boston that morning—OK, no competition with Minnesota, but still) I attended a program given by Suffolk University Law School’s Intellectual Property section on the subject of the public domain. This was in celebration of the fact that, for the first time in 20 years, works have started to age out of copyright coverage. Thus, works first published in the US in 1923, including classics of literature, art, music and film, are now free for everyone to use. Or pretty much so. One of the presenters at the program was an actor n ...read more
Thursday, October 04, 2018
Holy hypodermic, Batman! Since my exposure to the pharma industry is pretty tangential, I haven't been following this dispute between Fresenius, a large German drug company, and Akorn, a US company it had agreed to acquire and then sought to drop like ein' heißen Kartoffel. The Delaware Court of Chancery handed down its judgment in the case Monday in an opinion by Vice Chancellor Laster, and it's quite remarkable--the opinion, for all its 246 pages, is quite the page-turner and discloses a pretty sordid set of facts. You can find the case here (). The detailed description of the facts ...read more
Wednesday, April 18, 2018
An article published yesterday caught my eye in that it focused on a previously unremarked aspect of a Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) enforcement action I have been following. It's worth mentioning here. A month or so ago the SEC brought a civil lawsuit against the founder of Mozido, a financial technology (fintech) company, alleging that he had fraudulently induced investors into putting money into companies he controlled, giving the investors to believe that they were investing in Mozido itself (Mozido is not a party to the SEC action). The factual settin ...read more
Friday, September 22, 2017
An awful lot of people believe that they can research their own legal needs online and find a free or dirt-cheap legal form that will protect them in documenting their transactions. They’re wrong. Yes, yes, I know, it’s in my interest to have clients in need of documentation for business transactions come to me (or, more benevolently, any transactional attorney skilled in drafting) to prepare them and not rely on forms they downloaded from the Interwebs. But really, it’s in their own interest not to rely on those forms, and I’ll tell you why: 1. A form doesn’t know you ...read more
Thursday, June 22, 2017
A recent case in Pennsylvania has come to the refreshing, albeit to laymen blindingly obvious, conclusion that you can’t use bare grammatical or syntactic “rules” to avoid deciding what a contract means based on what the parties intended it to mean. In BL Partners Group, LP v. Interbroad LLC () (sadly not a precedental decision), a building owner leased a rooftop to BLP for a billboard. The lease, which had a 90-year term, included the following language in its termination provision: "In the event that Lessor's building is damaged by fire or other casualty and Lessor elects ...read more
Thursday, May 25, 2017
There's been a flap in the news lately about the genealogy and DNA-testing site ancestry.com ("Ancestry"), which among other things offers to test users' DNA to ascertain their national and ethnic ancestry. Their terms of service, which (as they will remind you if ever you are in violation of them) constitutes the contract between them and the user, was found by one eagle-eyed privacy crusader () to contain a license from the user to Ancestry granting it a "perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide, sublicensable, transferable license" to the user's DNA data. Once the publicizing of these t ...read more
Wednesday, March 23, 2016
Many times a start-up company will need services, for example software development, but doesn’t have the money to pay for them. At that point, many founders offer to give their key contributors “a piece of the action” by issuing equity in the company in exchange for the services. The services contributor might be willing to accept that bargain because the ultimate value of the equity stands to be much greater than the value of the time put in. Sounds like a win-win proposition. However, there are numerous factors to consider before agreeing to such a deal, on both sides of the equ ...read more
Saturday, June 20, 2015
I happened on an infomercial for Intuit's QuickBooks® accounting program (which I neither endorse nor diss) that has some decent advice for small businesses about when to consult a lawyer, but which also points to some dangerously bad advice. Here's the link: While this article's checklist of things to look out for is reasonable, the advice with respect to "work for hire" agreements can lead ...read more
Saturday, April 18, 2015
"You're over-lawyering it!" is one of the most common complaints leveled by a client's representative at a transactional attorney. What usually precipitates the comment is when the lawyer returns an agreement drafted by the client's counter-party and the lawyer has lavishly decorated it with comments and edits. It can be quite dismaying to see such a document; it means that the negotiating road ahead may be steep and rocky, with the date of signature not right around the corner, and a very real possibility that there won't be one at all if it turns out there are fundamental impediments ...read more
While most of your employees are probably fully capable of carrying out a phone conversation, it is important to recognize that there is a difference between talking on the phone, and effectively communicating with callers and helping them solve problems, purchase items, receive medical assistance or many of the other common roles and functions of a call center staff..
1. Make Sure Customer Service Reps Understand What They’re Talking About
It’s vital that the call center staff have more than a passing familiarity with the products or services a client offers. This helps call center representatives to answer questions about those items more accurately and thoroughly when they come up. Having this background knowledge and access to FAQs will make it easier for them to emphasize with concerned customers and find rapport when they call. Plus, it gives the agent the ability to solve the problem on their own.. Understanding more about your business helps improve the overall experience for the customer and the agent.
2. Create Templatized Responses for Popular Questions
Some call centers offer scripts of basic phrases or responses but this approach can sometimes be limiting and may even have a negative outcome. It’s certainly easy to follow along until something changes, such as a customer asking or saying something unexpected. Rather than confusing the agent or forcing them to pause and regroup, a template of common topics and responses might be more useful. Instead of forcing the representative not to veer from what is stated on the particular script, they can instead learn the frequently asked questions and common solutions. This also allows them to show more creativity and initiative in adapting the conversation as needed.
3. Consider an Automated Answering Service
A goal of most call centers – and most callers – is to connect with a human when possible, since most problems need further explanation and context to try and solve. You can streamline your customer service, improve your efficiency and ensure your customers get connected with the right person by utilizing an automated answering service. An automated answering service can help callers reach the right point of contact by creating a phone tree for your company. That way, when they do connect to a live agent, they are speaking with the appropriate person, and they can jump right into finding a solution. This helps overall efficiency in terms of less time spent with each caller. It also makes sure customers are sent to the right group instead of being transferred time and time again until being connected to the right department. This strategy streamlines your customer service efforts by helping the agent be more prepared to interact with a customer. An automated answering service can also provide more than just a phone tree solution; they can send out appointment reminders, announcements, and surveys too.
Interestingly, an automated answering service combined with a live answering service can dramatically improve your customer service efficiency.
4. Try a Virtual Answering Service
A virtual answering service puts the “human” interaction right at the front line/initial point of contact. This type of service can be used for busy places that have a high call volume and need help answering callers’ questions, or for a company that wants every caller to be initially greeted by a friendly voice and then transferred to the appropriate contact. Using a virtual answering service can also make sense financially. Rather than hiring several receptionists or other administrative staff to handle all the calls, a customer call center can handle the load. Every employee on this team will be trained in proper greetings and common questions, and it will be so seamless that callers won’t be able to tell that the person greeting them and directing their call isn’t actually in the same building, or even the same state. This option can save your organization a good deal of time and money.
The previous four solutions barely scratch the service of ways that a customer call center such as AnswerNow can aid your business. Utilizing the service of a regularly trained team which specializes in customer service and helping to take care of customer concerns as efficiently as possible is definitely a win-win for your organization.
What makes an AnswerNow team special? In addition to high standards of quality, our organization also focuses on other attributes, such as making sure to fulfill any promises given or made, and getting back to someone with answers as quickly as possible.
Interested in learning how you can enhance your company’s customer service efficiency, then come explore our free e-book: 10 Commandments of Customer Service.
Just a heads up to let you know on November 2nd, I will be doing a cover reveal for my novel The Newstead Project, as well as the book trailer, and swag give away. The book itself is due out May 1, 2013. If any of you would like to review it on your blogs, I would greatly appreciate it. A little closer to the release date, I’ll probably be contacting some of you. It’s been an exciting process. The publishing company I’m working with is very author friendly, which basically means I have a lot of say about the cover, trailer, swag, edits, etc. Good, but scary at the same time. I know that as the author, I have the vision about how I want things to look, be, presented, but still; scary.
Oh in case I didn’t mention it the swag is bookmarks (of course) and black cinch sacs with the Plan Well. Plan Wisely. logo on it. All are free, except shipping, if interested go to my website melanieschulz.com after November 2nd.
Thanks for allowing my shameless plug. I’ll be back on Tuesday with a review of SHIVER by Maggie Stiefvater.
Fostering a homeless shelter dog is one of the most rewarding things you can do. But when the time comes to let go, it can also be wrenching.
Once you’ve become attached to a sweet dog, it can bedifficult bordering onimpossible to say goodbye. Many people, recognizing their limitations, have told me flat-out that they couldn’t possibly foster because they quickly form a bond and cannot let go.
This is why so manyanimal rescuersbecome “foster failures” – i.e. they wind up adopting a dog they initially planned to house on a temporary basis. How do you say farewell to a creature you’ve fed and played with, medicated and cuddled? As one rescuer I know memorably said, “Failure never felt so good.”
But that doesn’t mean foster success feels less good.It feels great – and it frees up room in your home and heart for the next needy K9. But before you can experience the joy of foster success, first you -the foster caregiver – mustfacesome serious separation anxiety.And that ain’t easy.
As foster caregivers, we strive to do what’s in the best interest of the dog in question. And in the case of my beloved Lady Bug,the right thing to do was let go. So that’s what I did yesterday: Ientrusted herto an excellentrescue group that already has a beautiful permanent home lined up and waiting for the perfect Chihuahua.
Which is precisely what Bug is. I’ll never forget how calm she remained when the ceiling in my apartment fell in. Or how perfectly housetrained she is. Or her adorablehabit of jumping into my lap.
I’m a big-dog person, and I’m a sucker for aK9 in need. That explains how I came to have 6 large dogs,each of them clamoring for my attention 24/7. My mother never fails to let me know that each one of my dogs wants to the the only dog. She always delivers this line with a disapprovingshake of her head, as if I’m subjecting the members of my pack to the worst kind of emotional torture imaginable.
Perhapsshe is right – unfortunately, like most Moms, she’s almost always right.
In my defense, I’ll say what I always tell my Mom: That mybig dogs enjoy each other’s company enormously. But Bug is a different story. Let’s just say she’s not a dog person; she’s a people person. She loves getting attention from members of the human species, and returns that attention a hundredfold. She fits my mother’s profile of a dog who wants to be an only child.Bug wanted me all to herself. And sadly, what with my prior commitment to my family of big dogs, this is not something Iwas able togive her.
I can, however, do my utmost to see to it that Bug gets exactly what she wants out of life:A wonderful, caring home in which she and her amazing, gravity-defyingears arethe radiant center of attention.
As we waited on my stoop for the car to come and pick her up, Bug nestled sweetly in my lap. I buried my face in her neck; she gave me passionate French-Mexican kisses, slipping her tongue into my mouth. It was always difficult to photograph her because she’s a constantly moving target, wiggling at high speeds andmoving her head from side to side to take in every detail of her surroundings.
This time, however, I was able to get some amazingly pensive shots of my little girl – that’s how relaxed she was. The most casual observer would’ve had a hard time not noticing how very attached to each other we’d become, my Love Bug and I.
Thenher rideappeared.
I handedBug over to the driver, then ran inside to get her paperwork, postponing the inevitable for just a few minutes more. As I came back down the steps of my building, I nearly called the whole thing off when I sawBug sittingin the driver’s lap with her ears perked up, watching and waiting for me with laserlike focus.Her worried expressionnearly broke my heart! She clearly expected me tojoin herin the vehicle. But I maintained my resolve, handed over the papers, kissed her twomore times- then turned around andwent back inside.
I’ll give you the Bug update as soon as I have it. It’s hard to believe a creature weighing just 9 pounds could leave my heart so heavy by her absence. That littledog will be missed in no small way.
Our Most-Commented Stories
Julia Szabo | May 2nd 2011
Mail.
MPs are to receive taxpayer-funded iPads in an attempt to modernise Parliament.One of the things most people in industry notice is that any cost saving or paper saving equipment usually costs a lot and generates more paperwork. There's also the problem that iPads are not exactly suitable office style equipment, the big advantage of a laptop is the keyboard, the onscreen keyboard the iPad uses is nowhere near as fast or as useful, so as a research tool it's less than satisfactory. Battery life is limited, doesn't support flash (no kidding) and can’t make phone calls, can’t take pictures, and the most affordable model only has WiFi.
Politicians will be able to put the tablet computers on expenses if they give up one of their old pieces of computer kit in return.
Around 350 MPs who sit in the House of Commons on select committees will be offered the devices without having to trade.
Buying an iPad for every single MP in the Commons could cost as much as £430,000 – not including monthly subscription charges to access the internet on the move.
But the House of Commons commission, led by Speaker John Bercow, insisted the move would cut costs and save paper.
There’s also no multitasking in the iPad because it uses some variant of the iPhone OS. This means you can’t listen to Spotify and browse the web at the same time. No working in Pages while making a VoIP call. And the list goes on…
And because of the closed nature of all things Apple, there’s no simple way to transfer files to and from the iPad. Why is this relevant? Well, it means all the media files will have to be synced through iTunes, which always involves conversions to the mad Apple formats. There’s no way to just drag and drop them over WiFi or using a USB Mass Storage Device.
Not to mention all the documents produced with iWork (which even deserved to be ported to the iPad). Where will those go? And while we’re in this department, how can a device coined as a “great productivity tool” lack the support for non-Apple office software (Microsoft and Openoffice).
The main problem though is that the most affordable model is very, very expensive compared to say a netbook and the money for it is coming out of our pockets, not the House of Commons or the MP's.
Essentially it's a massive waste of money to give MP's a "cool" iPad on the taxpayers expense, it wont improve productivity and it wont save paper as MP's wont be able to use it for the purposes it's supposedly to be used for.
They'd be much better off using their memory and a pad and paper, or if they really need facts quick, then a laptop.
1 annotations:
"They'd be much better off using their memory and a pad and paper, or if they really need facts quick, then a laptop" ...
They don't even need those, all MP's have advisers, researchers, interns etc crawling out their arseholes .. they all have mobile phones, which are no doubt being paid for by us .. they should be using those for back-channel info & comms ..
The country is in shit-order, small businesses are going to the wall, law & order is getting out of hand, immigration has already got out of hand & these cretins are poncing around with iPads ..
This is nothing more nor less than self-indulgent people, indulging themselves yet again, at our expence, because they can ..
Its been said before but will stand repetition ..
The lunatics really have taken over the asylum ..
Independent perfumer Thomas Kosmala has been creating fragrances at his stunning HQ in the south of France for a decade. While he’s originally from Poland and now lives in London, Thomas is fascinated with the Middle East and its love of scent. His latest range, the Signature Collection, which is inspired by our region, features four fragrances that use ingredients such as oud, rose, amber and violet. He tells Friday how he built a career in fragrance and his secrets to wearing scents.
When did your love for fragrance begin?
It started when I was working in London with aromatherapy oils. I began to realise how important the smell of things are and it made me want to look further into it. This led me to begin my career in fragrance.
Where did your inspiration come for your Signature Collection?
The collection is inspired by the Middle East but the combination of ingredients was chosen to send the customer on a journey. Each ingredient is in its purest form so the scent will last longer.
Your factory is based in France – do you source a lot of your ingredients there or does it depend on the brief?
My ingredients are of the best quality and are sourced from all over the world, however they are processed at my factory in France. It’s a magical process when we bring all these ingredients together in there.
Are there any particular scents you think work well together?
I would never say there are any ingredients that don’t work together. Never say never, and try everything. I do love to smell powdery and musky scents together.
How important is the way someone smells?
It is more important than people would ever realise. The way someone smells is often the first thing you’ll notice about them and the thing you will remember for the longest after you have met them.
Where is the best part of the body to apply fragrance?
Firstly this depends on the person’s own taste, and secondly where they are or what they are doing that day. If you were at work or on a long flight, for example, and wanted something subtle you would apply scent to your wrists, but if you wanted something stronger you would apply fragrance to your chest and neck area.
Are there different rules to wearing scent for men and women?
The rules are the same. All my fragrances are unisex and can smell very different on men and women as they adapt to the person.
Which celebrity would you like to create a scent for, and what would it be like?
I would love to create a fragrance for female tennis stars. It would be fresh and something light that they could wear while playing. I have always been a huge tennis fan and play myself, so combining my two passions is something that really interests me.
How do you make a fragrance last all day?
Use a fragrance that has only the purest ingredients. This might be expensive but I believe it is worth it. Cheaper fragrances often use diluted ingredients, meaning the smell wears off much quicker.
Can you give us your dos and don’ts for wearing fragrance?
- Don’t be afraid to experiment with scents you wouldn’t usually wear – you’ll be surprised by the effect it has on the people around you.
- Don’t apply fragrance to your skin, apply it to your clothes – it will last longer.
- Do remember that scent can work in [two] ways. While it can be beautiful, it can also be overpowering, so remember where you are.
- Do layer more than one fragrance on your body to create a unique smell.
Thomas Kosmala Signature Collection is Dh995 at Harvey Nichols Dubai.
Menopause and sleep disturbances impact biological aging
Most of us know from experience that tossing and turning at night means feeling rotten the next day. And many of us understand that there are long-term health consequences when we’re short-changed on sleep.
But recently I found out something new from a fascinating study on sleep and its effect on how fast postmenopausal women’s genes age – which is known as their “epigenetic age.”
In the study, postmenopausal women with 5 insomnia symptoms were nearly 2 years older biologically than similar women with no insomnia symptoms. The more insomnia symptoms — waking up at night, not being able to fall back asleep, disturbed sleep and so on — the greater the effect. If you’re sleeping only 6 hours a night, however, it doesn’t seem to increase your epigenetic age — so long as it’s restful sleep. And that, of course, is where a lot of us have trouble.
So what can we do about all this? I like to point out that the research shows that our genes are not entirely out of our control, and we can influence how they respond by taking better care of ourselves. For those of us who are done with menopause and may be having trouble sleeping, this means looking at ways we can improve our rest.
4 sleep tips to try
- Keep a regular schedule. Your brain likes consistency, so go to bed by 11 and at the same regular hour each night and in a dark room.
- Turn off the electronics! Computers, TVs, phones — they all are the enemy of sleep. Even a short duration of light shining in your eyes fools your brain into thinking it’s time to wake up. Shut down at least an hour before bedtime every night without fail, and put your phone on its charger in another room so you’re not tempted to look at it if you can’t sleep.
- Eat early and moderately. Heavy meals too close to bedtime disrupt sleep, while avoiding caffeine and stimulations (like dramatic/stressful TV shows)
- Keep relaxing once in bed. Once in bed, consider practicing relaxing abdominal breathing or guided visualizations like those of Yoga Nidra.
You can see more of my favorite sleep remedies in the checklist to the right, including adrenal-supporting Serinisol from Women’s Health Network.
Reference:
Carroll, Judith E. et al. Epigenetic aging and immune senescence in women with insomnia symptoms: Findings from the Women’s Health Initiative Study, Biological Psychiatry, Volume 0 , Issue 0.
Let’s Be Friends
If you’re passionate about theatre and want to enjoy a host of exclusive benefits and discounts, join our membership scheme from only £50 per year.
As a Friend, you’ll get a range of benefits that are perfect for theatre fans! What’s more, if you pay by Direct Debit, you’ll get a £5 discount off your chosen membership level. There’s never been a better time to sign up to enjoy the West End in the West Midlands.
- Great ticket savings*
- Priority booking
- Friends Hotline
- Invitations to special events
JOIN NOW!
By becoming a Friend, you are also making a direct charitable contribution to our community, education and artistic programmes through Hippodrome Projects – reaching young people, vulnerable adults and families all across the region.
Stuck for a present idea?
Membership makes an ideal gift for one of your friends
*Ticket offers may exclude performances by Birmingham Royal Ballet, Welsh National Opera and other selected productions. All discounts are offered by agreement with touring producers and will be limited/capped or subject to availability and withdrawn at our discretion. Check online or phone 0844 338 5000† for details.
What's yours? The idea? The words? The piece of paper? What if
you misplaced the box and no longer remember the words or ideas contained
therein? Are they no longer yours or just yours but MIA? Even better,
what if someone stole the box? Would the contents be yours by rule of
origin or his by rule of possession (9/10 of the law, they say). And what
if he's caught and the box is placed in the police evidence locker until
trial. Who owns it then?
>If I write something and show it to you, it's still mine, but it's
>usually acceptible that you share the ideas.
Now you're sharing information. How can information be solely
*yours* if you give it to someone else - does that not instantly give them
every bit as much power as you (depending upon their resources to act on it)?
>If I write something specifically for you and give it to you, does
>that give you some ownership of it?
How can one own a piece of a bit of information? Does not having
information instantly make you the entire owner, even if others have the
same information (hence, each of you *own* 100% of the information)?
By whose rules do you come up with these solutions? I'm not trying
to create circular arguments, i'm trying to show that ownership, especially
when applied to information, is a bogus concept once it's removed from the
laws of a society. In America, ownership rests with whoever registered it
with the government. But the very fact that our society sees this as a
necessary step proves that ownership in nature is a random and transient
property, even if it exists at all. Come to think of it, who created
ownership - Man or God? So in situations where there are no societal laws
to tell us what to do, (such as who "owns" the information in an email),
you have only one thing to rely on: TRUS_ (fill in the blank), which IMHO,
is as random and transient within the boundaries of laws as ownership is
without (the boundaries of laws).
>Quoting is a powerful thing. It removes the uncertainty of
>intervening interpretation. Which one of these is more effective:?
>
> Adam thinks Seth is an idiot.
>
> Adam said, "Seth is an idiot.".
>
>The latter is more credible, even though we lack context. We're not
>left wondering whether how it might have been misunderstood -- we are
>shown the edvidence and are allowed to intepret it ourselves.
>
>
>Conversely, material written for a specific audience may be easily
>misunderstood by others. Maybe Adam called me an idiot in private
>email, but I know that with him it's a term of endearment. Quoting
>out of context is damaging to him then, because it's putting his words
>in a position of being misunderstood, though he could have been clear
>if only he knew what audience he was writing for.
>
>
>Words and ideas are each potentially damaging in their own way.
>I haven't thought about this much, but I have a vague feeling that
>direct quotes are usually more powerful and should be guarded more
>carefully.
Context aside, i would much rather be quoted exactly by what i said
than try to defend myself against someone else's conjecture concerning my
intent.
Parting shots - some interesting quotes on ownership:
"The moment the idea is admitted into society that property is not as
sacred as the laws of God...anarchy and tyranny commence."
- John Adams
"In every society where property exists, there will ever be a struggle
between rich and poor. Mixed in one assembly, equal laws can never be
expected; they will either be made by the members to plunder the few who
are rich, or by the influential to fleece the many who are poor."
- John Adams
(Looking at both those quotes - from the same man - would lead one to
believe that the plundering of the rich and the fleecing of the poor are as
sacred as the laws of God)
"The reason why men enter into society is the preservation of their property."
- John Locke
(I would say preservation of life came first, then preservation of propety
a lucky(?) bi-product. Is life property? Discuss.)
"Property is theft."
- Pierre-Joseph Proudhon
(It's a given that you can't have theft without property. Is the converse
true? Somebody whip out the symbolic logic tables on this one.)
"By abolishing private property one deprives the human love of aggression."
- Sigmund Freud
"When Marx spoke of private property he was not referring to personal
property. Private property meant the means of production of the capitalist
who hires property-less individuals under conditions the latter is forced
to accept."
- Erich Fromm
"The preservation of the rights of private property was the very keystone
of the arch upon which all civilized governments rest."
- Joseph Choate
(Civilized governments??? History shows clearly that the less emphasis a
society had on private property, the more *civilized* it was. (READ:
Tibet, Pre-colonial America). The unfortunate corrollary is that your
neighbors, who do care a great deal for private property, don't give two
shits about what you think (READ: Tibet, Pre-colonial Americ to President Franklin
Pierce1852
(Does this sound familiar, Dirk Gently?)
"It is the preoccupation with possession, more than anything else, that
prevents men from living freely and nobly."
- Bertrand Russell
(tidbit: the original phrase was not "life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness," but "life, liberty, and the pursuit of property." Was it
changed at the realization that the latter two are opposites?)
Sorry for rambling.
">]"
Good wholesome food. .great service and fantastic views.a real cowboy feel to the decorations and atmosphere. We also had a drink in the bar which had a great ranch feel to it even though it was very quiet.
We ate here while staying on the ranch and can honestly say that the steaks my sister and I had was the best we've ever had. Both steaks were cooked to perfection just how we wanted and they were good sized steaks. Our other menu choices were also very nice and you'll definitely not go hungry with the portion sizes....
More
If you are looking for real Texas meal, you can't do better that the Dinner Bell at the Wildcatter. The restaurant, which is under new management, cooks delicious appetizers, steaks and other entrees), sides and desserts. I especially recommend the eggrolls, the ribeye steaks and the blueberry crisp. Come early and relax with a drink from the well-stocked bar as...
More
The food is ok, but it is way too expensive for what it is. Not worth the price, in my opinion. Dinner Bell has the same type of food at a much better price.
great steak and drinks on a hilltop. relaxing experience rustic yet elegantly appointed. have been here several times. a little slow but you better expect that when eating out in the PK area. Best place on PK lake to eat out aside from your own camp fire!
Excellent service, personable staff and terrific meals. As well as unbelievably breathtaking views of the Texas countryside.
Price is a little high but you get what you pay for. Very nice place to eat beautiful view. Great service. Great drinks. Brought mom here for her birthday. A group of 10 adults had drinks. No ones drink ever ran empty. even the kids loved it.
One of the operators of restaurant is sensitive to Msg so they removed it from seasoning salt-- Great group of ladies run this!
Second time to go in 2 weeks. Yeah its that good! My steak was perfect both in doneness and seasoning. Tge Whiskey bread pudding is nearly worth my 140 mile drive alone. Jack & Cokes were made just right. And you cannot beat the view! After our meal we sat outside on the patio snd enjoyed a few beverages, the...
More
We ate here while staying at the Wildcatter Ranch in September 2014. The food and service were both enjoyable, i enjoyed a very filling and well cooked steak with bourbon glazed carrots and a loaded baked potato. It is enough to keep you going for a few days.
The only criticisms i would have is that the last seating is...
More
Register now for free — and start getting automatic notification of new reviews, responding to traveler feedback, adding new photos to your listing and much more.
Pochettino: "I could never coach an archenemy like Barcelona"
The Tottenham manager spoke to Onda Cero's El Transistor programme about life in London and Guardiola's problematic remarks about SpursChelsea - Barcelona U - 19 live: UEFA Youth League final
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino spent a short while chatting to Onda Cero radio programme El Transistor last night. The Argentine coach spoke about a number of topics including adapting to life in London, the rivalry between Barcelona and Espanyol, his feelings on Guardiola's broadside about Spurs and taking tips from Carles Puyol and Sergio Ramos.
LaLiga: "Despite having spent the past few years in England, I still actively follow what's going on in Spain and the Spanish league. Last night I went to bed worried about what has been happening in Galicia and Asturias with the forest fires. And unfortunately, I am also following everything that's going on in Catalunya. I am an open-minded person who finds it hard to put up frontiers and barriers - especially as both of my sons were born in Barcelona and are diehard Espanyol fans".
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino getting some ball practice in at the Bernabéu yesterday JuanJo Martín (EFE)
Pochettino, true to his values because I would feel like a traitor to myself. You have to remain true to yourself and respect your own values".
Differences between Barça and Espanyol: "The values of both clubs are completely different - that's not to say that one's club's values are better than the other's - it's just that they are different".
JESUS RUBIO (DIARIO AS)
Challenges of living abroad
Life in England: "I Spain I felt very much at home. It's similar to Argentina and that's why it's nice for me to come back after being away for five years. I went to England without knowing a single word of English and now I can defend myself quite well in the language but for a year and a half I was unable to give interviews other than in Spanish".
War of words with Guardiola: "It was a lack of respect on his behalf and maybe I should have responded to it but I'll continue having the same admiration I've always had for him".
JuanJo Martín (EFE)
Spurs idol, Kane
Harry Kane: "Kane is worshipped at Tottenham and I hope that with Spurs he can have the kind of career Totti enjoyed with Roma. He's a very mature, level-headed person and domestically and personally he has the right structure in place for him to become a great player".
Sergio Ramos as a role model: "Sergio Ramos has quality and leadership. When I was coaching Espanyol I would tell the younger defenders like Víctor Ruiz and Jordi Amat to go to Camp Nou to watch how Puyol times a challenge. Now I tell our young centre-back to watch Sergio Ramos".
Future at Real Madrid? "I am completely focused on my project with Tottenham because at the end of the day, it's the results which will determine your sell-by date".
Champions League
*Update 17 de octubre de 2017
- Spain
Champions League
*Update 17 de octubre?
Narrow your search
Nicholas Allegra, who was hired last year after gaining fame at JailBreakMe, was let go after not responding to an e-mail offering to extend his employment.
CNET UK columnist and Gadget Show presenter Jon Bentley visits the world's first iOS jailbreaking convention to see how people are customising their iPhones..
Hacker group Dev-Team (specifically noted jailbreaker @comex) has released the latest version of its popular iOS device jailbreaking tool, jailbreakme.com, available entirely online..
The iPad 2 has hit eBay and is already demanding crazy prices. The new tablet hit US shops on Friday, with profit-minded moneygrubbers and early adopters looking to cash in and show off.
Getting one's toes stubbed in the packed halls is a small price to pay when coming across bizarre offerings like an updated version of the Muse2 MP5 player.
Though this isn't the official untethered jailbreaking solution for iOS 4.2.1, the iPhone Dev Team has produced a short demo video showing off a workaround method for getting it done now.
The capsule speaker with its signature accordion middle, which nabbed the company a red dot award, has gotten a cap that protects the speaker and appears to help direct the sound.
Web-tex Northern Ireland Gloves
NI Black Leather Patrol Gloves Black leather NI Gloves Features: NI patrol type gloves Leather outer Knitted cuffs Padded knuckles Northern Ireland-Type Black Leather Gloves, Solider 95 Leather Combat Gloves, White Dress Goves from Militarykit.com – all in stock. Next Day Delivery Shop Norse Projects Men's Iver Gloves in brown at oki-ni. Buy Norse Projects Fall 2011 men's collection online with free worldwide shipping available
Nitrile Gloves – Compare Prices, Reviews and Buy at Nextag – Price
British Army NI GLOVES Northern Ireland Cadets MEDIUM in Collectables, Militaria, Surplus/ Equipment | eBay Soft black leather, padded knuckles, knitted cuffs with lining. Sizes: S, M, L, XL, L What Other Items Do Customers Buy After Viewing This Item? N. I. Style Black NI Style Patrol Gloves Black . Features: NI patrol type gloves. Leather outer, knitted cuffs, padded knuckles. Size guide, your foot size is a rough guide to hand size
NI-801 Black Leather MMA Grappling Gloves :: Grappling Gloves
OLD PATTERN NI GLOVES: 70399 With padded fingers. SIZE: I still have my old NI gloves with the extra padding over the knuckles portion of the glove . Can anybody remember why this extra padding was put on the glove. I have Ni-Tek Nitrile Powder Free Gloves XL – 100 per box
Norse Projects Men's Iver Gloves in brown at oki-ni
Royal Marine Commando 1950-82: From Korea to the Falklands (Warrior) by Will Fowler and Raffaele Ruggeri (Paperback – 10 April 2009) Livingstone International’s Ni-Tek nitrile gloves are made of 100% nitrile, providing solid protection against chemicals and blood-borne pathogens. Nitrile gloves ShopWiki has 271 results for 1 Pair Kevlar-padded Leather Ni Gloves, including Anti Syringe Gloves Steel Reinforced Leather Gauntlet (1 Pair), Dewalt Dpg23l 1/2
NI Patrol Gloves Black Leather, NI Glove, Surplus and Adventure
Protect your hands from the extremes with gloves from Oneill, Jobe and Typhoon., Northern Ireland, NI, UK. Manufacturer of disposable nitrile gloves designed for use in critical cleanroom environments, sterile non medical applications and various industrial jobs. Northern Ireland Military Leather Gloves (Web-tex Military product) * Soft Black Leather * Knitted Cuffs with Lining * Made to Military SpecificationClothing -
Web-tex Leather Northern Ireland gloves
Northern Ireland gloves (army style)- Soft black leather gloves with padded knuckles, knitted cuffs with lining. Based on the British Army surplus issue. NI styled ski gloves with 100% polyamid water resistant shell, leather padded fingers, knuckle pad and palm and Thinsulate insulated filling. Also features snow lock Soft leather. Constructed to military spec. Elasticated cuff. Made by Web-tex Available in size M, L, X/L
Northern Ireland Type Black Leather Gloves.
British Forces Style Northern Ireland (NI) leather gloves with padded knuckle and reinforced thumb. Also features 3M Thinsulate lining. Sizes: Small, medium, large Northern Ireland Gloves, Military Mart MilitaryMart Hoods UK Army Military combat surplus supplies wholesale clothing equipment accessories DPM Flecktarn fleck tarn Nitrile Gloves – 5,425 results like Ni-Flex, Disposable Powder & Latex Free Nitrile Gloves, 100/Box, Large, Black, Black Nitrile Exam Gloves, Box/100. By Dynarex
The Equestrian Store NI – Kingsland – Kingsland Gloves
NI Gloves – The Army Store. Northern Ireland style leather gloves, with padded knuckles, knitted cuff and warm lining. UKMCPRO offer Glove Liners, Sealskinz waterproof gloves, thinsulate lined gloves for Military, Police or Security, also popular with Airsoft NI Goalkeeping – Home of Northern Ireland Goalkeeping, Alan Simpson Reusch Latexs: Reusch offer a wide range of latex. Here we take a close look at each one of
Northern Ireland Gloves and Scarves Wholesale suppliers – Northern
Time was that the only gloves on general issue were Gloves (Woollen) – which were absolutely useless for anything other than pleasuring oneself in the sangar. Northern Ireland glovesThese black leather gloves are in the style of the famous British Army, Northern Ireland issue, combat gloves. Knit Gloves and Mittens Patterns – A Collection of 20 Vintage Knitting Patterns for Gloves and Mittens for Men, Women and Children: Craftdrawer Craft Patterns
Army Surplus french leather gloves NEW british supplier combat s95 NI
Mens Black Leather Gloves Ni military 3M Thinsulate Biker Mtb Driving S,M,L,XL in Clothes, Shoes & Accessories, Men's Accessories, Gloves & Mittens | eBay Web-tex Northern Ireland Leather Gloves – Army surplus store, military gear for cadets, camouflage shirts, combat trousers, camo jackets Kingsland Technical Gloves. 100% Polyester with patented Japanese material for "non slip" multi-flexible stretch.

Aaron Pryor
Name: Aaron Pryor
Alias: Hawk
Born: 1955-10-20
Birthplace: Cincinnati, Ohio, USA
Hometown: Cincinnati, Ohio, USA
Stance: Orthodox
Height: 5′ 6″ / 168cm
Reach: 69″ / 175cm
Boxing Record: click
Aaron Pryor Gallery National AAU Champion (132 lbs) - Outpointed Robert Newton of Boston
- 1975 National Golden Gloves Champion (132 lbs)
- 1975 Pan American Games Silver Medalist (132 lbs)
- 1976 National Golden Gloves Champion (132 lbs) - Outpointed Thomas Hearns of Detroit
- 1976 U.S. Olympic Alternate (132 lbs) [1]
Professional Achievements
- Professional Record: 39-1 (35 KOs)
- WBA Light Welterweight Champion 1980-1983
- IBF Light Welterweight Champion 1983-1985
Career Notes
- Pryor's manager was Buddy LaRosa, founder of LaRosa's Pizzeria. [2]
- In 1983, Pryor signed a three-year promotional agreement with Sylvester Stallone's promotional company, Tiger Eye. [3]
- Pryor was offered $750,000 to fight Roberto Duran in 1981, but Pryor's new attorney told him not to sign anything until he worked out a new contract with his manager. By the time a new agreement had been worked out, the chance to fight Duran was gone. Pryor also turned down $500,000 to fight Sugar Ray Leonard. [4]
- Pryor signed to fight Sugar Ray Leonard in the fall of 1982 for $750,000, but Leonard first had to defend his title against Roger Stafford in Buffalo, New York on May 14, 1982. Pryor was driving to Buffalo to taunt Leonard to help hype their fight when he heard on the radio that Leonard had suffered a detached retina and the fight was off. Pryor said, "I pulled off to the side of the road and I cried." [5]
- Pryor had trouble getting a boxing license late in his career because of eye problems. In 1988, Pryor underwent surgery to remove a cataract and repair a detached retina. He was declared legally blind in his left eye. The vision in his left eye was 20/400. With corrective lenses, his vision improved to 20/70. He was denied a license in California, New York and Nevada. [6] [7]
External Links
What is the Big Picture?
There are a lot of pieces to successful online marketing and it’s easy to get lost in the minutia. Here is a quick breakdown of the major pieces that are required to build a successful online brand.
Online Advertising (Google Adwords, Bing and a Few others)
Online advertising is paying for visitors. This is the quickest way to get new visitors (and customers) to your website. The advantage of advertising is that it is quick, and you can easily measure your results using analytics.
The main types of online advertising are Display (Banner) Advertising and Search Advertising (also known as Search Engine Marketing).
Display Advertising (Banner Ads)
In general, Display Advertising online is a brand awareness building exercise with at least one major exception. Mostly display ads do not create a direct response, but they do give you an opportunity to snag a bit of attention, and if you target your ads wisely, that attention could be a potential future customer.
You can use the Google Display Network to show text ads, flash ads, or video ads, but image ads are the predominant type of ads shown in this venue.
The notable exception to this rule is Remarketing Banner Ads. If you haven’t heard of remarketing ads, this is one of the coolest things that Google has added in quite some time.
Remarketing Ad Campaigns through Google Adwords allow you to show Display Ads to anyone who has visited your site during the last 30 days wherever they go on the web. Your ads follow the PERSON. If you abuse this feature you will creep out your potential customers, but when used correctly, I have seen great customer creation using Remarketing Banner Ads.
Search Engine Marketing (SEM)
Search Engine Marketing is the realm of traditional Google Adwords. Someone types a keyword in Google (or another search engine) and your text ad shows up directly above or to the right of the regular (organic or natural) search results.
If you use Search Engine Marketing effectively, it can be a great tool for direct response advertising because you are catching the potential customer when they are searching for your product.
* BUT, if you don’t measure your results, or you choose keywords that are too broad, or too expensive, buying search ads can be a way for you to flush a lot of money down the toilet quickly.
Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
I really hate to even use the term SEO when I describe my services because it’s a term that is abused repeatedly. SEO when done properly is a way to to get a great long-term return on your investment. With proper SEO, you spend the money now, and the return continues indefinitely.
SEO when done poorly results in:
- Nothing (the best thing bad SEO can bring)
- Getting penalized in the search rankings.
- Getting delisted on Google. (It doesn’t get much worse than this.)
You can’t game Google in the long run. DON’T TRY!!! Google has hundreds of very smart engineers who are spending all day trying to get rid of spammers.
If you manage to game Google today, Google will smack you down tomorrow.
Quality SEO can be broken down into 3 main parts:
Structural Optimization
Structural Optimization is creating a firm foundation for building your SEO. It means that your website should be search engine friendly. The code should be clean. You should make sure that there are no broken links. And, that search engines can properly read your website.
If your website is structurally a mess, it doesn’t matter what content you put on the site, Google won’t be able to read it anyway.
Content Creation
Create content on your website that answers the questions that your customers are asking. Write it in a direct, clear, conversational tone. Be real. Don’t hide behind buzzwords and marketing speak. Don’t try to stuff your site with keywords, at best Google will ignore this tactic, but you could get smacked down for it.
Write on a regular basis. Create a schedule and editorial calendar, and stick to it. Write posts that are at least 300 words of useful content. Use Heading Tags and Lists to make your article easy to scan.
If you write good content that answers the questions people are asking, and posting regularly, your customers will find your site.
I won’t write content for you, but I can coach you on how to do it effectively. Besides, you know your niche way better than I do.
And, if you would like to hire a professional copywriter to help you with your content writing, I have a number of good writers that I work with in this area, and I would be happy to hook you up.
Link Building
One of the ways that Search Engines rank the reputation or authority of your site is by looking at who is linking to your site.
This reputation is based on:
- How many links are there to you.
- How many sites have links to you.
- What is the reputation of those sites.
- What is the diversity of those links.
This is an area where some SEO companies have tried to game the system. I repeat, DON’T DO IT! Link farms, link exchange schemes and spammy directory sites are of very little value ever, and could be grounds for Google to devalue your site.
Social Media
Social Media gives you an opportunity to connect with your customers in a conversational manner.
I can help you with creating a social media strategy, and with the technicalities of making your website social media friendly. Be honest and authentic in your conversations. People can see through posturing and BS.
Social Media can take a lot of time to manage, so choose your platform wisely. It’s better to pick one and use it effectively than to try to manage a bunch of them ineffectively.
Social Media is another area where I will be happy to help you understand how to approach it effectively and create a strategy, but I don’t do Social Media Management. You know your business, and your audience much better than I do, and will be much better at carrying on a conversation with them.
Analytics (Google Analytics)
If you can’t measure your results, you can’t improve them. Analytics gives you a way to track just about everything that your visitors do on your website. We use and recommend Google Analytics, a free and powerful analytics software. Without Analytics you would just be wandering around in the dark, throwing the good money after the bad. Measurement is critical for successful online marketing.
Analytics software can be configured to track:
- The Success rate of your Online Advertising Campaigns.
- Goal Completion.
- Ecommerce Statistics.
- Where your visitors are coming from.
- And more…
When you look at the pieces of a successful online marketing strategy, it’s easy to get overwhelmed, but if you take a logical approach and tackle one piece at a time, you can create a successful online business.
Transform Your Online Marketing Now!
Research Design in Occupational Education
University
Except for those materials which are supplied by different departments of the University
(ex. IRB, Thesis Handbook) and references used by permission.
CRITIQUE EXAMPLE - GRADUATE STUDY
Bibliographical Entry
Hamby, J.L. (1995). An assessment of the Applied Biology/Chemistry
curriculum in selected Oklahoma schools. Unpublished doctoral dissertation, Oklahoma
State University, Stillwater.
Problem
Traditional science teaching methods may be an ineffective preparation
venue for students assuming careers in a technologically advanced labor market. A
curriculum which stresses an applied approach employing the cooperative learning method
may be a more effective means of teaching a diverse base of scientific information. For
this reason, the relative effectiveness of an applied science curriculum needs to be
evaluated.
Comments - The problem statement was very lengthy and needed to be
reread several times to understand the point of the study. The problem did, however, agree
with the title and had an educational significance.
Purpose
The purpose of this study was to compare the Applied Biology/Chemistry
(ABC) curriculum taught using the cooperative learning method with the traditional biology
curriculum taught using more typical instruction by means of student scores on a
standardized biology test and science attitude survey.
Comments - The purpose was clearly stated, agreed with the title and
problem, and was limited to the researchers capabilities and resources. The purpose
agreed with the problem in that it will evaluate the effectiveness of the ABC curriculum.
However, the purpose revealed that this was done by comparing scores on a standardized
biology test and science attitude survey.
Objectives
Specifically, the study sought to compare pre-test and post-test scores
on: (a) the National Association of Biology Teachers/National Science Teachers Association
(NABC/NSTA) biology test of those students taught the ABC curriculum using the cooperative
learning method in selected Oklahoma schools; (b) the NABT/NSTA biology test of those
students taught the traditional biology curriculum using typical teaching methods in
selected Oklahoma schools; (c) the NABT/NSTA biology test of those students taught the ABC
curriculum using the cooperative learning method with those taught the traditional biology
curriculum using typical teaching methods in selected Oklahoma schools; (d) the science
attitude survey of those students taught the ABC curriculum using the cooperative learning
method in selected Oklahoma schools; (e) the science attitude survey of those students
taught the traditional biology curriculum using typical teaching methods in selected
Oklahoma schools; (f) the science attitude survey of those students taught the ABC
curriculum using the cooperative learning method with those taught the traditional biology
curriculum using typical teaching methods in selected Oklahoma schools.
enough information to accomplish the purpose and will help solve the problem. The author
also included a list of hypotheses which were constructed to achieve the objectives of the
study.
Review of Literature
The author provided an overview of the available literature in science
education as it pertained to the objectives of the Applied Biology/Chemistry curriculum.
The review of literature was very detailed; however, there were a limited number of
citings used within the text. Section titles were: (1) Introduction; (2) Applied Basic
Science Courses; (3) Cooperative Learning; (4) The Nature of Effective Instruction; (5)
Attitudes Towards Science; (6) Related Research; and (7) Summary. Reference citations
appeared correct and used proper APA style. Practical and theoretical reasoning was
included and similar studies were cited.
Procedures
The pre-tests were administered to students within the first four weeks
of the 1993-94 academic year. One of two versions of the NABT/NSTA biology test, differing
in only item order, was randomly administered to each student. All of the science attitude
surveys were identical in content and form. Both the ABC and traditional students were
provided identical instructions. During the last three weeks of the school year, the
post-tests were given. The alternative version of the achievement test was given to each
student.
Comments - The research design was adequate and the data gathering
procedures were explained. The instrument was not described in detail but the sample
appeared adequate. The author explained the situation clearly and reviewed the statistical
techniques.
Findings
The findings indicated that use of the ABC biology curriculum produced
significant gains versus the traditional biology curriculum on the NBTA/NSTA biology test.
In addition, analysis of the science attitude survey revealed no significant differences
for either the ABC biology students or the traditional biology student.
appeared to be some errors in the report. At one point the author referred to a
significant gain at the alpha = .05 and in the same paragraph said there was no
significant gain at the alpha = .05. The tables were well designed and could stand alone.
The narrative was clear and could also easily stand alone. From my knowledge, the
statistical results appeared correct.
Summary
There was a summary of everything from the introduction right through
the hypotheses and procedures. This appeared redundant as it was the exact same material
used to start chapters one, three, and five. Tables were included in the summary.
Conclusions
There was a conclusion included for each objective and the basis for
those conclusions was stated. The conclusions were logically stated and related to the
logic included.
Recommendations
A list of recommendations was given in relation to the outcomes of the
study. However, there was not a recommendation for each pertinent conclusion. But there
was a rationale for each recommendation. The recommendations were clearly stated and ideas
for further research were included.
List of References
The format of the references listed was consistent with APA style and
were from a variety of sources including journals, books, and theses.
Overall Critique of the Study
Strengths - This was a much needed study in that it was the basis for
the recommendation on whether or not the ABC curriculum was effective.
Weaknesses - After reading the study, it could have been better
organized and checked for errors.
Content
- “to Have Each Other Within The Midst Of Their Unfortunate Lives Felt Like Having A Sailboat In The Middle Of A Hurricane ..”
- Awesome Friday Quotes For The Weekend
- “sisters Are Like Thighs: They Stick Collectively, And Even More So When The Warmth Is On “
- H Birthday Messages For My Sister
- Sister Quotes:
- Sentimental Pleased Birthday, Sister! Quotes
Send a hilarious reminder of your sibling love to a brother or sister, or simply save them for when you’re in want of amusing. This listing with humorous brother quotes will hit on every thing you went via rising up with one or multiple brothers. Brothers could be loopy and uncontrolled at occasions, however we love them anyway.
- In it, Hecate, a non-dancing character, mimes directions to the witches earlier than a final dance and Macbeth’s arrival.
- For the remaining, I can completely loosen up knowing that my beautiful youthful sister is nicely capable of handling the difficult-rocky circumstances in life.
- Big sisters are the crabgrass in the lawn of life.
- 14- I would like to give a shout out to my superb, sensible, lovely, and favourite cousin twin, I love you birthday twin!!
- Also, you could select a elaborate font if you needed a glam tattoo.
Then the following quotes have been picked just for you. Pick your favorite and use it to inspire you to do one thing nice in your siblings in the coming weeks.
“to Have Each Other In The Midst Of Their Unfortunate Lives Felt Like Having A Sailboat In The Midst Of A Hurricane ..”
Tattoos are a good way of displaying your sisters love to the world and to strengthen your relationship much more. Tattoos are much more particular after they have precise which means behind them. If you’re considering of having a sisterly tattoo to celebrate and to connect together, think about getting matching tattoos. You want one thing that’s particular to you both so don’t just think about what you want, perhaps your sister is totally different. Have a sit down and talk concerning the style and colors you each prefer to get a greater concept.
Throughout your life, your sister is there, laughing with you throughout good occasions and supporting you thru the dangerous times. She is the only other person who understands your crazy family and is aware of both your darkest secrets and techniques and your best qualities.
Awesome Friday Quotes For The Weekend
an old citadel in Scotland, still standing. The title “Thane of Glamis” was hereditary in Macbeth’s family.
5- Happy birthday my other half, my funny bunny! Where do I begin to describe how fortunate am I to have you lol my secure twin as a result of we all know I’m the craziest. You have such a warm heart, you all the time put us first earlier than yourself, and may the Lord Almighty keep you eternally for us and bless you in abundance. I love you my twin, my bestie, my older sister, you are every little thing to me and I will all the time do appreciate you. 3- Happy 19th birthday to my twin sister! You teased me off so much, however you’re my other half.
“sisters Are Like Thighs: They Stick Collectively, And Even More So When The Warmth Is On “
Each sister has a fraction with a three on the underside half with the number that they were born on the top. Also, it could work for any quantity of sisters that you’ve got got. Looking for a unique and stylish tattoo? If so, you want to take a glance at this design!
It you need it to face out, go for a bold outline just like the photograph. Or possibly you want the alternative and for it not to stand out, you could have a thinner outline which will be more refined. This is complete if you finish up together with your sister.
H Birthday Messages For My Sister
Add a splash of colour by adding horny pink lips to your stick women, this will deliver it to life. Are you the big sister or maybe you are the little sister? Remember whenever you had been growing up and your mum or dad would measure you in opposition to the wall then mark it with a date? This jogs my memory a lot of that and it brings again childhood recollections. Make certain the tattooist draws the line greater for big sis and a lower line for lil sister. Dream catchers are so intricate and beautiful. These have a quantity of different meanings however when you and your sister get a matching dream catcher in your back, you’ll be matching for life.
An outline of a coronary heart may be sufficient. A delicate matching flower tattoo will show your connection and love.
Sister Quotes:
Have a fabulous birthday, my lovely sister. Today is a superb celebration, not just because it’s the day you were born, however as a end result of it’s the day I grew to become an enormous sister. On this present day I grew to become the happiest woman alive.
“Sisters could share the same mom and father however appear to come from completely different families.” “Being brother and sister means being there for each other.” Shoulder tattoos could be gotten on the entrance or again, both way, each placements look super cute. Keep in thoughts, your shoulders are usually on present all summer time. Therefore, until you’re the sort of woman who wants to add her sister tattoo to her half sleeve, a easy design is usually best suited.
One Forgotten Treasure
Another Faithwriters story. Enjoy and please comment! The watchtower on the mountain served us well. We saw the Vikings a full day before they arrived and had time […]
Another Faithwriters story. Enjoy and please comment! The watchtower on the mountain served us well. We saw the Vikings a full day before they arrived and had time […]
Here’s the second in my series of Character studies. The first one’s here: Tell me what you think! Character Profile 2 These characters are always fun to […]
Yay, It’s finished! Thanks for waiting, everyone! 🙂 If you need a review on what happened in the last installment, look here: Snaptapper, Part 1 “Whoa. What happened […]
So, it looks like one of the people I nominated for the blog hop (Josie) got me back with The Liebster Award. I don’t see how this is an award […]
Challenge 10: Write a Story From a Movie You Like Hey, Everybody! Sorry it’s been so long. I’ve been working on this How To Train Your Dragon story a lot. […]
Challenge 4: Have two of your book characters from different book worlds meet. Write a short story about it. Writefury’s Characters Gilligan: From my first book: “Odd Team Out”. He […]
Thought I’d add a little bit of Riley Trivia this time. Madigan means “small dog” in Irish. Magnus means “big” in latin. Chapter 6 Training Shyloh After her […]
CHAPTER 4 Not a Slave A few days later, all the Irish had been sold. Riley had been sold to a cranky old lady named Freyda. In Freyda’s house, Riley […]
CHAPTER 2 Captured Riley opened her eyes and stared upward. Two seagulls squawked overhead. The ground rocked underneath her. She sat up slowly, her head throbbing. Maddy barked happily, Riley […]
Part of a long story: CHAPTER 1 THE ADVENTURE BEGINS When the Vikings would take captives, few would try to escape, and even fewer tried it alone. Riley […]

The other day I came across an interesting tweet in my timeline, RT’d by someone I follow. Although I don’t remember the exact wording, the tweet called on the U.S. government to stop persecuting PFC Bradley Manning, the soldier accused of leaking classified information about our wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The word that caught my eye, and I remember it clearly being part of the tweet, was “persecuting.” In my mind, Manning isn’t being persecuted … he’s being prosecuted. Manning violated military regulations — that he was well aware of, I may add — and now he’s being held accountable for his actions. The government didn’t seek him out for punishment based on his views.
I certainly do not agree with what Manning, or NSA leaker Edward Snowden, did in revealing classified information. There were, in both cases, internal means for these individuals to address any concerns they had about ongoing operations or policies. I do acknowledge these internal methods have limitations, and may not have ideally satisfied the misgivings of Manning or Snowden.
I can respect an individual who has the courage of his or her convictions and is willing to act on beliefs despite knowing such actions have consequences. That is how real change often begins: with individuals willing to sacrifice their own liberties for the greater good. By being court-martialed, regardless of the outcome, Manning may do more to further his own views than Snowden, who is on the run and trying to find a way to avoid the consequences of his actions.
It is interesting to note the U.S. House of Representatives defeated a measure to defund the NSA’s phone tapping program, meaning what I suspected all along: many in our government — elected and appointed — are completely in favor of the snooping and do not want to see restrictions on how the “war on terror” is fought. Act shocked and talk about privacy all you want senators, representatives and directors, but at the end of the day you want to know what the NSA is currently digging up.
The fact is, the NSA isn’t doing anything illegal as currently defined by our government; to change the game, you have to first change the rules. If Snowden found the courage to stand up and face the music instead of telling and hiding, a subsequent trial could — perhaps — lead to real change in how the NSA and other government agencies do business. Even if it doesn’t, there is value to having such issues weighed by the courts and not just the media.
But first, Snowden has to stand up and be counted.
I recently re-read Fields of Fire by Senator James Webb, a outstanding novel about the Vietnam War. I greatly admire Webb, who was a highly decorated Marine officer in Vietnam and later Secretary of the Navy when I was a Petty Officer Second Class.
There is an strong scene late in the book in which Will Goodrich, who leaves Harvard out of apathy and ends up in Vietnam as a draftee, is visited by his former roommate Mark, who avoided the draft by fleeing to Canada. Goodrich’s father, a lawyer, calls the police and the roommate is arrested. In this passage, quoted at length, Goodrich and his father discuss what happened:
Goodrich held his buzzing head in both hands. The world had just succeeded in finding the final little nudge that sent it topsy-turvy. “He didn’t do anything really wrong, Dad. I think I have the standing to say that.”
“You were arguing with him when I came in—”
“I don’t want him to tell me about Vietnam. But he isn’t wrong.”
“You know what we’ve lost, William? We’ve lost a sense of responsibility, at least on the individual level. We have too many people like Mark who believe that the government owes them total, undisciplined freedom. If everyone thought that way, there would be no society. We’re so big, so strong now, that people seem to have forgotten that a part of our strength comes from each person surrendering a portion of his individual urges to the common good. And the common good is defined by who wins at the polls, and the policies they make. Like it or lump it.”
…“What about the duty to protest? What Mark was doing is as old as Thoreau. Civil disobedience is as American as—killing Indians!”
His father smiled, just the smallest curving of his mouth. “That answers itself, Son. Thoreau went to jail, not to Canada. That’s civil disobedience. The other is self-interest, cloaked with morality.”
— Webb, James (2008-11-19). Fields of Fire (pp. 442-443). Random House Publishing Group. Kindle Edition.
“Self-interest, cloaked with morality.” I like that phrase, because to me it sums up a lot of behavior I see these days. I certainly don’t advocate a totalitarian government, but as a group we Americans seem to have forgotten the importance of individual sacrifice for the greater good.
I suspect Manning will be convicted of most if not all charges. The case seems cut-and-dried, and as we always said when I was on active duty: They don’t court-martial the innocent. Still, as an individual Manning stood up for what he believed in and he will pay the cost of that. He was prosecuted, not persecuted.
To me, that’s where a difference between Snowden and Ellsberg is as well. Ellsberg stayed in the US to face the charges, Snowden didn’t.
decided to do just that.
We'll take a look at two of the claims Sanders made. In this item, we'll look at how Sanders characterizes the income earned by the top 1 percent of Americans. In a separate item, we'll look at whether Sanders is correct about the tax bill paid by oil giant ExxonMobil.
Here's a portion of Sanders' speech, which came during Senate debate over extending tax cuts passed under President George W. Bush. Democrats and Republicans divided over whether the cuts should be extended for the wealthiest Americans.
."
To keep matters simple, we'll stick to checking Sanders' claim that "the top 1 percent of all income earners in the United States made 23.5 percent of all income," which is "more than the entire bottom 50 percent."
When we asked Sanders' office for a source, they pointed us to a study dated Aug. 5, 2009 by University of California (Berkeley) economist Emmanuel Saez, "Striking it Richer: The Evolution of Top Incomes in the United States (update with 2007 estimates)." We looked at the paper and found this line: The top 1 percent "has gone through enormous fluctuations along the course of the twentieth century, from about 18 percent (of income) before WWI, to a peak to almost 24 percent in the late 1920s, to only about 9 percent during the 1960s-1970s, and back to almost 23.5 percent by 2007." An accompanying chart confirmed the 23.5 percent figure for 2007.
In a chart subsequently updated by Saez and forwarded to us by Sanders' office, the percentage of income earned by the top 1 percent actually fell modestly by 2008, to just under 21 percent. Still, Sanders was specific in his speech about referring to 2007, and the number he cited was calculated by a credentialed academic economist specializing in income and wealth statistics -- a pretty credible source, in our view. So the number looked pretty solid to us.
Still, we've looked at a similar question before, so we were aware that various economists have attempted to grapple with this question. In the interest of making extra certain that Sanders was right, we decided to see whether the results in the Saez study mirrored those published elsewhere.
One paper we found is by Arthur B. Kennickell, assistant director of the Federal Reserve Board's Division of Research and Statistics. This paper, published Jan. 7, 2009, found that the top 1 percent's share of income was 21.4 percent in 2007 -- slightly lower than the 23.5 percent that Sanders cited but certainly in the ballpark. That's also higher than the 14.6 percent taken by the bottom 50 percent, which is consistent with what Sanders had said.
Another study, published in 2010 by Adrian Dungan and Kyle Mudry of the Internal Revenue Service's Individual Returns Analysis Section, found the top 1 percent taking 22.8 percent of income. Once again, this is slightly lower than what Sanders quoted, but in the same vicinity. That was also well over the 12.3 percent earned by the bottom 50 percent, which is once again consistent with what Sanders said.
The differences from study to study likely stem from two factors -- the source of the data (using information from tax returns rather than surveys of American families, for instance) and the definition of "income" (such as whether capital gains are included in the calculations). When we asked Kennickell whether there was some reason to prefer one study over another, he responded that they all have their own merits. "There are many definitions of income that may be appropriate for various purposes," he said..
Emmanuel Saez, "Striking it Richer: The Evolution of Top Incomes in the United States (update with 2007 estimates)," Aug. 5, 2009
Chart to accompany Emmanuel Saez' paper "Striking it Richer," (see Table A3), accessed Dec. 10, 2010
Arthur B. Kennickell/Federal Reserve Board Divisions of Research & Statistics and Monetary Affairs, "Ponds and Streams: Wealth and Income in the U.S., 1989 to 2007," Jan 7, 2009
Adrian Dungan and Kyle Mudry/Internal Revenue Service's Individual Returns Analysis Section, "Individual Income Tax Rates and Shares, 2007," published winter 2010
PolitiFact, "Michael Moore movie says that top 1 percent owns more financial wealth than bottom 95 percent," Oct. 1, 2009
E-mail interview with Arthur B. Kennickell, assistant director of the Federal Reserve Board's Division of Research and Statistics, Dec. 9, 2010
E-mail interview with Sara L. Eguren, spokeswoman for the Internal Revenue Service, Dec. 10, 2010
E-mail interview with Will Wiquist, press secretary for Sen. Bernie Sanders, Dec. 10, 2010
In a world of wild talk and fake news, help us stand up for the facts.
By in and studied interdisciplinarity and collaboration across a number of fields, through a number of topics, in a variety of ways and in relation to a range of problems. One field that has routinely confronted matters of interdisciplinarity and collaboration is computer supported co-operative work, which has turned these and other practices into research problems and topics of inquiry in their own right alongside other concerns and preoccupations.
In recent years sociologists (and social scientists in general) have been working alongside computer scientists in what has been assumed to be in increasing numbers, or at least greater regularity, than previously. This is explained in part by the explosion of interest in social media-as-data (Housley et al, 2014, Edwards et al, 2013) and a cross-disciplinary interest in the emerging contours of digital, networked and automated societies as a key aspect of social change and transformation at the beginning of the C21st. It is often assumed that an interdisciplinary approach is required, due to the need to scope and understand these changes and related phenomena through a range of methods, theories and data and in ways that synthesize a firmer grasp of current social and computational realities. Consequently, interdisciplinarity is conceived as an epistemological enterprise, but, as I will attempt to tentatively outline in this blog, it is also has ontological features and consequences.
Questions of interdisciplinarity within digital social research contexts have recently identified language as a key area through which collaboration can be hindered and the realization of interdisciplinary working between sociologists, say, and computer scientists impeded. Of course language, as a communicative practice, is key. As are the practical means through which theorization, methodological strategies and the collection and curation of data are accomplished; in ways that can answer jointly identified problems and questions e.g. whether social media data can be used to augment traditional social scientific methods for understanding public reaction to signal events? However, the tools and framework for interdisciplinary working require reflection and work by those who wish to participate. The problems and challenges associated with interdisciplinary collaboration are not merely those associated with translation and are therefore not reducible to a single fix. There is no interdisciplinary Babel Fish; and no single solution that stands outside a range of practices that are built through interaction in interdisciplinary settings and contexts.
For example, we might wish to consider the ways in which teams are organized, how the choice architecture of collaborative tools that we develop or use are shaped, how we foster the ability to take another disciplines ‘point of view’ and how we participate in and attend to the negotiation and accomplishment of both a shared perspective and our own disciplinary awareness at one and the same time.
A key issue here is the ways in which core disciplinary concerns and questions coalesce and shape how, for example, an interdisciplinary research group may approach a specific research problem. This is more than language and more akin to a requirement to spend some time immersing oneself or at least systematically reflecting on different disciplinary forms of life and the social life of paradigms. Whilst I am looking at a problem or phenomenon in terms of prosaic questions such as social organization my computer scientist friend maybe viewing these through the lens of information and dreams of automation.
A useful resource here can be found in Schön’s ideas surrounding ‘the reflective practitioner’ (1983). This was a popular trope in the late 1980’s and 1990’s for developing the knowledge capacity of key professional groups such as nurses, social workers, engineers, architects and teachers as they confronted new problems, institutional structures and the reorganization of working life around teams and inter-professional working and delivery. I re-introduce it now as it might be an effective starting point for thinking about how we might promote reflective engagement by participants within interdisciplinary contexts such as ‘digital social research’, ‘computational social science’ and related fields such as ‘social media analytics’; betwixt and between different academic groups and aligned ‘knowledge agents’ often collaborating and competing, working and fighting, in liminal, status poor spaces.
Schön (1991:269) in his discussion of reflective practice argues that variations between professions (as the modern ‘knowledge agent’ ideal type) can be contrasted with specific constants. He argues that these constants provide for a means of considering the variation of practice between different professions. Members of disciplinary cultures are readily socialised into patterned forms of knowledge, interpretation and practice. The academic tribes of ‘sociologists’, ‘computer scientists’ or ‘discourse analysts’ and ‘social statisticians’ are anthropologically consistent in this regard. Whilst wider institutional and socio-technical forces are revolutionising knowledge work in ways not anticipated twenty to thirty years ago, distinct ‘professional groups’ remain with new ones emerging on the horizon e.g. the data scientist.
According to Schön (1983:270) these constants or ‘patterns’ associated with knowledge groups and agents can be described in terms of the following:
- The media, languages, and repertoires that practitioners use to describe reality and conduct experiments
- The appreciative systems they bring to problem setting, to the
evaluation of inquiry, and to reflective conversation
- The overarching theories by which they make sense of phenomena
- The role frames within which they set their tasks and through which
they bound their institutional settings
Perhaps these four phenomenological constants could form a matrix through which we can begin to link reflection with a more mindful form of reflective practice within interdisciplinary research contexts. In terms of the case being considered, perhaps collaboration between computer scientists and sociologists (and other social scientists) might benefit from some form of systematic training for those embarking on cross-disciplinary engagement in the hope of charting new territory and understanding new things through innovative theoretical, methodological and data driven interdisciplinary strategies. At the very least it is worth thinking about as a means of informing the process through which we become practical interdisciplinarians.
References:
Edwards A, Housley W, Williams M, Sloan L, Williams M. Digital social research, social media and the sociological imagination: Surrogacy, augmentation and re-orientation. International Journal of Social Research Methodology. 2013 May 1;16(3):245-60.
Housley W, Procter R, Edwards A, Burnap P, Williams M, Sloan L, Rana O, Morgan J, Voss A, Greenhill A. Big and broad social data and the sociological imagination: A collaborative response. Big Data & Society. 2014 Jul 1;1(2):2053951714545135.
Schon D. The reflective practioner. Temple Smith, London. 1983.
Categories: Digital Sociology, Interdisciplinarity
Tags: digital social research, digital sociology, interdisciplinarity
Great piece – enjoyed it. I’m interested in how the interdisciplinary space might in fact be the “a-disciplinary” project space.
"The Christian home is the place where children receive the first proclamation of the faith. For this reason the family home is rightly called the 'domestic church', a community of grace and prayer,a school of human virtues and of Christian charity" CCC 1666
A great way we can help our families prepare to celebrate the Birth of our Saviour is by creating an Advent wreath as a focus for family prayer. Gathering daily for the traditional lighting of the candles, and praying for Our Lord’s blessing on our families, our homes, and our society, will help make them a place of peace, love and hope.
A good time to do this is at mealtimes around the table, or in the evening before bedtime, but every family will have their own preference. You can buy a wreath or make your own as a family activity, perhaps with a trip to local parks or woodland to gather suitable evergreen branches, holly, etc. Have a look at the video below for ideas. You can buy a ready-made base for a wreath with candles in garden centres, home stores or online.
What the wreath represents:
Evergreen Foliage
The circle of the wreath which has no beginning or end, symbolizes the eternity of God (the Alpha and Omega). The evergreen is chosen as the base because God is the foundation of all good. Green is the colour that represents hope and new life.
Four Candles
Represent the four weeks of Advent. The first two purple candles symbolize Hope and Love respectively. The third candle (pink) symbolizes Joy. The fourth and last purple candle represents Peace. If you can't find coloured candles white ones will do just as well. The light of the candles signifies the light of Christ to mankind.
Each day your family can gather around the Advent wreath The proper number of candles are then lit and a prayer is said. You can access appropriate prayers here, however, you can compose your own, or use one of the many prayers that are available online (it can be good fun seeking these out with your children!). You could also sing a verse of the great Advent hymn, 'O Come, O Come, Emmanuel', maybe a different verse for each week, increasing the excitement even more!
SEARCHED FOR:
ULFA MILITANT
ULFA kills father-son duo allegedly for spying
Anti-talk ULFA which is also known as ULFA (Independent) has claimed responsibility for the incident.
ULFA factions move to grab attention ahead of Global Investors Summit
Anti-talk Ulfa faction under Paresh Baruah has sent ransom demands and ...
Ulfa faction asks Assam government to change names of schools and colleges
Ulfa publicity secretary Arunodoi Asom in a statement questioned t...
Efforts on to bring anti-talk faction of ULFA, NSCN in dialogue process: Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
Ravi Shankar was in Guwahati to participate in the Northeast indigenous people's conference. The conference was attended by 67 rebel outfits including people from Khaplang faction.
Assembly elections, GST, high-profile cases mark 2017
Two terrorists were killed by the army as it foiled an infiltration bid along the Line of Control (LoC) in Poonch sector of Jammu and Kashmir..
A change of leadership for militants and politicians in the Northeast
Since NDA came to power and adopted zero tolerance towards insurgency, political leadership in NE India has witnessed changes; resulting in BJP forming govt in Arunachal Pradesh.
Anti-talk ULFA militants attack BJP for giving away land to Patanjali Ayurved
Anti-talk ULFA militants have asked the leadership of sixth scheduled area, Bodoland Territorial Council to reconsider its decision.
Assam Rifles officer martyred, 4 NSCN(K) militants killed in Nagaland encounter
Police said one of the three soldiers of the 12 Para Commandos of the Army injured in the battle at Lapa Lempong hilltop in Oting village was in critical condition.
Two Assam Rifles jawans killed in Assam by militant
Police said that the attack is led by the platform of militant outfits which include anti-talk Ulfa and Khaplang faction of NSCN.
Three army jawans killed in an ambush in Upper Assam’s Pengari
The ULFA has been fighting for an independent homeland in Assam since 1979. It now operates out of bases in Myanmar, bordering Assam.
Kuldip Moran is spy of security forces: Ulfa (independent) militants
Assam police along with Arunachal Pradesh police has launched an operation to trace Moran, who was abducted in the first week of this month.
Why Rajnath Singh was at this BSF officer's home
Rajnath Singh praised BSF Assistant Commandant Sandeep Mishra for not giving up on life even after receiving five bullet injuries, one piercing through his left eye and exiting from the right eye in 2000.
NIA arrests close aide of ULFA chief Paresh Barua
A senior trained cadre of ULFA(I), Gagan Hazarika alias Joydeep Cheleng, who was earlier arrested by Assam Police, was remanded in NIA custody after he was produced in a special court.
10 blasts in Assam, Arunachal & Manipur on Republic Day
In Dibrugarh town, blast took place just 500 metres away from Chowkidingi Parade ground where the national flag was being unfurled at an official function.
SELENA GOMEZ MOST FOLLOWED PERSON ON INSTAGRAM 😲😲😲
Selena Gomez is now the most Followed Person on Instagram with 72.5 million followers (as of this posting) .
Former Disney star, Selena Gomez became the most followed person on Instagram, surpassing her best friend, Taylor Swift .
No, Selena Gomez is not the most famous person on the planet. She is not even the most famous person with an Instagram account (that would be the those pesky lil Kardashian / Jenner sisters and Taylor Swift ). Most people know her as either the ex-girlfriend of Justin Bieber, or the girl who was on Witches of Waverly Place, or as a pop star whose songs are always playing in their spin class. She comes across as perfectly appealing in interviews, and has been famous for nearly a decade now, and has carved out a very successful career for herself. But none of this quite explains why she would be the most followed person on arguably the most popular social network.
People have their theories…. we liked these two the most…
She doesn’t post that often., it seems, in celeb-ville, if you post fewer Instagrams, each individual one becomes more of an “event,” of course, which also benefits Gomez. There’s a certain “specialness” when she posts a shot that other celebrities, who post much more frequently, aren’t quite able to achieve.
Then there’s the ‘Biebs. Her on/off relationship with Justin Bieber. It seems as everything she posts, can basically, end dynamic to her posts, Also, it is quite possible there is a large portion of Beliebers who follow her—in order to monitor her every move.
Very interesting indeed! 😊
From King's to Mayor of Toronto?
PHOTO: CRAIG SCORGIE
Karen Stintz, BA ’92, Dipl ’93, has her sights set on Toronto’s top municipal job
Written by Jane Antoniak
Karen Stintz loves football. A devoted Baltimore Ravens fan, her Toronto City Hall office has several bronzed footballs on the shelves. She inherited the love of the game from her dad, Henry, who hails from Baltimore, the city where her cousin still has season tickets. Now, Stintz, a three-term municipal politician representing Eglinton-Lawrence, and chair of the Toronto Transit Commission (TTC), is about to kick off another exciting game in her life: a drive for Mayor of Toronto against predicted heavy weights, such as NDP MP Olivia Chow and incumbent Mayor Rob Ford.
“This has been a journey,” she says from her office while reporters are camped out in the hallways hoping to speak with Mayor Ford. “And I thank Mayor Ford because he has provided me with the biggest political challenge of my career. Through it, I have learned a great deal about my colleagues, about myself, and about what I value about the city and why I think it is worth fighting for.”
Stintz is referring to the drawn out battle she endured with Ford over a multi-million dollar expansion of the TTC. He wanted underground while she wanted above ground. In the end, after a period where Stintz resigned as chair and then was re-appointed, her plan to add a line that will connect Toronto from end to end was approved. “It’s the right mode of transit for the neighbourhoods they are serving,” she says with confidence.
Now, Stintz admits she is ready for some bigger plays. She agrees that she has grown beyond her ward and wants to do more for the entire city. “I think it (mayor of Toronto) would be a great job,” she says. “I’ve had a great run. I think I need to make some decisions. People do grow out of their role and I am thinking of what the next step is for me.”
“There’s room to improve how we deliver services in the city, make them more customerfriendly and more accessible to users. I think we need to invest more in transit, infrastructure and our parks.”
Her two children, Jackson, 9, and Hailey, 6, agree wholeheartedly when it comes to spending on parks. The family enjoys the improvements recently made to Lytton Park, including a playground. “My son was saying, ‘oh it’s such a great park, you should see what they are doing mom!’ And I said, ‘I know what they’re doing, sweetie, that’s my job!’ And then my husband said, ‘that’s what Mommy does. Mommy makes sure that the park gets rebuilt.’ My son looked at me, it was so cute, and it was the first time he understood why I go to work. I was so grateful that there was a bit of pride in there.”
“I was going to school at a time when we were debating free trade, GST, Quebec sovereignty. It was a very interesting time in our history which made me interested in politics.”
Clearly Stintz is proud to be a professional politician. It’s been a tough year as she watched top-level municipal mayors in Ontario and Quebec face legal charges and media bloodbaths, all of which she says discredits a role she would be proud to hold. “Everyone has flaws and I don’t think we should expect politicians to be flawless. But, I think that there is every reasonable expectation that they (mayors) will operate within the rules of personal conduct and financial responsibility. From a professional level it’s disappointing to see my profession discredited.”
Stintz says if she runs a campaign from January to October (2014) for mayor it will cost 1.6 million dollars. She muses that she’s come a long way from being a 17 year old in first year university at Western. She transferred to King’s after an “overwhelming” experience at main campus, finding the smaller classes and closer knit community at King’s a better fit for her personality. “People at King’s noticed if you didn’t come to class. It was a smaller campus, more connected to the professors and my classmates. I really enjoyed King’s.” She jokes that she was a shy teenager who didn’t participate in political clubs. “I was going to school at a time when we were debating free trade, GST, Quebec sovereignty. It was a very interesting time in our history which made me interested in politics.” From King’s Stintz went on to earn master’s degrees in both journalism and public administration.
Now, 20 years later, and still very much interested in politics, Stintz says her values are clear. “I am proud of what I do. I’m proud of my city. And, I think politics is important.” As a side note – she hopes to see her fellow alumni at Homecoming this fall to watch a little football with her family.
I love using background paper, but I don’t do it too often because it’s a hassle to drag it out. BUT – you may have noticed I’ve been using it a lot more recently. Trevor hooked me up! And I’m here to show you – – how to hang background paper in your garage – it’s awesome!!
First off, I’ve probably mentioned this a million times, but one of the best places to take pictures is in your garage – really! Open up the garage door and tons of natural light pours in, yet it’s not in the direct sun (well, for me in the morning it’s not – – the picture above was taken in the late afternoon and you can see the sun starting to creep in). It’s perfect.
I bought my background paper a couple of years ago – I bought 3 rolls. I have pink, teal, and gray. Then I bought white recently.
So anyways, I had the rolls but I didn’t use them too often because I stored them in the basement. When I did use them, I clipped the end of the roll to a chair or trashcan (setting the roll on the ground) so the paper didn’t go very high – – good for sitting kiddos, but that was about it.
Well, a few weeks ago, I asked Trevor if he’d hold the background paper up high while one the kids took my picture – cause I didn’t know how to hang it from anything high. He looked around, and said “just a minute” – grabbed a couple of those C clap things and attached them to the top of garage door (it was open) – -then he grabbed an old bar thing we had and shoved it through the roll of paper and the “c” part of the two C clamps – and it held!!
And I took these pictures (by the way, it’s wedding season – be sure you have belts for your little men!)
Here’s how it looks from the back (standing in the garage looking out) – –
Well, I LOVED IT!! I mentioned that I had more rolls in the basement, so maybe he could hang one up on the other side of the garage. He got even fancier this time – – 2 rolls at once. He built this piece of wood with holes in it, hung the rolls on length of PVC pipe, and caped the end (he was hoping the cap handles would roll the paper up, but they don’t). It’s still being held on by C Clamps – 2 on each side. This is when the garage door is up and I’m looking up at it:
Here’s what it looks like from the driveway – – see the rolls up in their spot??
And here’s what it looks like when the garage door is down – it just sits against the door:
It’s been up for several weeks and not fallen off (which was my fear). I need him to build another one of these fancy versions for the other side, so it can hold 2 instead of 1.
And where was this thing years ago?!?! It’s SO HANDY!! Anytime I need a picture, I just open the garage door and pull down on whichever paper I want to use. Then roll it up when I’m done. LOVE IT!!
It lets me get pictures that look kind of professional – – here’s a sample from some I took for Father’s Day:
So get some rolls of background paper and hook it up to your garage door – it works!! Go try it!!
Neat! Where do you get the rolls of paper from???
What a cool idea! And side note-love the hand prints on the back of your van!
This is a great idea!!! I’d also like to know where you get the rolls of paper?
GREAT idea! now all I need is a garage =)
Love this! Pinning this on my Honey-Do board!
Wonderful idea! I too, would love to know where you can purchase the rolls of paper. Maybe my re-do will begin to change after I try this. I am not sure if it went through, but my re-do moment was to take more picures of my children when they were teenagers. At that age they are too cool for pictures, but I wish I had listened to my heart instead of their urges to stop. Now before they head back to college in a month, I can maybe snap a few great posable shots! 🙂
Great IDea. I’m so pinning this so I can do it later. Thanks for sharing.
Such a good idea! What kind of paper is it?? It seems like it would get really beaten up if it was just craft paper… ?
Looks like it is the question of the day, but I didn’t see the answer in the comments! Where did you get the paper from? 🙂
sorry I’m slow to reply – – I bought it here:
good price but shipping can get ya, so be sure to order more than one…
what kind of pole did you use…
[Verse 1]
She was lying on the floor and counting stretch marks
She hadn't been a virgin and he hadn't been a god
So she named the baby Elvis
To make up for the royalty he lacked
[Chorus]
And from then on it was turpentine and patches
From then on it was cold Campbell's from the can
And they were just two jerks playing with matches
'Cause that's all they knew how to play...
[Verse 2]
And it was raining cats and dogs outside of her window
And she knew they'd be destined to become sacred roadkill on the way
And she was listening to the sound of heavens shaking
Thinking about poodles and puddles and mistakes
[Chorus]
'Cause it's been turpentine and patches
It's been cold, cold Campbell's from the can
And they were just two jerks playing with matches
'Cause that's all they knew how to play...
What they knew how to play...
[Verse 3]
Elvis never could carry a tune
She thought about this irony as she stared back at the moon
She was tracing her years with her fingers on her skin
Saying, "Well, why don't I begin again
With turpentine and patches?
With cold, cold Campbell's from the can?
After all, I'm still a jerk playing with matches
It's just that he's not around to play along
Yeah, I'm still an asshole playing with candles
Blowing out wishes, blowing out dreams
Just sitting here and trying to decipher
What's written in braille upon my skin...
"All this skin..."
My current official job title is Early Intervention Specialist/Service Coordinator. In a nut shell I "coordinate services" for babies, ages birth to 3, who are born with developmental delays and/or disorders. The routine of my job usually sounds like this: I receive a referral from a family or pediatrician or hospital, and lets just say the referral concern is speech/language. I call the family, tell them about our program, gather the child's birth/medical history and have the parent explain to me specifically what their concerns are at this very moment. Mom will usually tell me her child will be 2 soon and isn't really talking. He is grunting, screaming and speaking in "jibberish" in order to communicate. I'll ask mom how he lets her know he wants something, such as his milk and mom will say "well he grabs my hand and pulls me to the kitchen." i then will ask mom if his hearing has been formally checked and she will normally say "yes his pediatrician has checked it and isn't concern" which lead me to say "most pediatricians cannot do a formal hearing exam in their office" has he been to an ENT or Audiologist? Mom then answers "no." I then ask mom, has he had any ear infections, if so how many? Then I will ask what is something he does, that lets you know he can actually hear well. Does he dance to music? Does he run to the door when someone is knocking, does he point to the phone when it is ringing, does he cry when you drop pots & pans, does he hear a fire truck go by? ETC. After the whole hearing conversation has been had I explain to mom that a lot of times children aren't talking because they simply are unable to hear the sounds we as adults are making. And we have no clue how or what they are hearing unless a formal hearing exam has been made. After going through the rest of the "intake" call and talking to her about language development and how at the age of 2 her son should have between 50 to 100 single words, starting to point/name body parts and follow two step directions ex. go to your room and bring daddy your shoes...not just "go get your shoes" but first go to your room and then bring daddy your shoes. At this point I will let mom know that based on the concerns I will be scheduling with a speech therapist and a developmental specialist and call her back with our first available time to complete a comprehensive evaluation. I then will leave messages with several people in order to find the family the best time for us to come out to their home, and to make sure we dont interrupt nap schedules, feeding times, parents work schedule etc. all hoping that we somehow can get a 2 hour evaluation done between 8AM-4PM. 10:30 is a very popular time for toddlers to be up. after that its lunch, then nap then its time for mom to go pick up the oldest at school.
All of that is a very small portion of what I do monday thru friday, but it is always a start of a new relationship with a family. Another aspect of my job is providing the family with any other resources if necessary. For instance some popular "needs" i hear most often is: potty training suggestions, pediatrician recommendations/list, daycare or childcare options, behavior concerns such as "my two year old wont sleep in his own bed," or another somewhat popular one is insurance coverage, which always leaves me scratching my head, and now searching my heart.
Thankfully, Ive always had some sort of medical insurance coverage, meaning i have no clue what life would be like with out it. In a way that makes me spoiled, but I also like to think it makes be blessed. I've never thought twice about needing to go the doctor because "I got insurance." For awhile, I selfishly could never grasp the concept of why someone wouldnt' have insurance. I would find myself getting really annoyed when families would ask me how to get free coverage for the child or for their themselves. In all honesty, my first though would be "umm get a job." Now believe me I would NEVER say this to a family, but i assure you I would think it and I have definitely started feeling the Lord softening my heart in this area and showing me a different perspective from the eyes of my families I work with everyday.
I hear a lot of controversy on the whole "Health Care Plan" ordeal, i'm not a very big political person if you will, all i know is to pray for our country's leader that he will follow the Lord's will in leading our country and thats what I try to do. I dont really care if he supposedly doesnt have a real birth certificate, what his beliefs are, where he came from etc because I believe in a God who doesnt' believe in surprises. I'm pretty sure the Lord wasn't shocked when our latest president won the election. Anyway, off topic. At first, I was unsure of the health care plan idea and the fact that just because I work and i have a job and i pay for my own insurance means i have to pay for someone who basically isnt working and will get free health care as they sit at home. Sounds terrible doesnt it, (that I would think like that)? I now believe that the Lord has been showing me that it doesnt matter if I make millions a year or 5 dollars a year my money...isnt my money. I dont have this job and a salary because "im so awesome" i have this job because the Lord blessed me with it and has put me in this job to better serve him. My money is his money, HE is the reason I have a job and that I have any money in my bank account, so why should I be so selfish to think I dont have to help someone else pay for anything such as... health care? The lord has given me the opportunity, the strength, and the knowledge to have the job i currently have... Now, like i said im not some big political freak, and i dont even really know whats going on in the white house but I do know what the Lord places in my heart and so I thought I would share. =) I am becoming more and more sympathetic with families whenever they begin to question me about needing insurance coverage....and more and more apathetic when it comes to politics.
next post: pregnancy update!)
As we come to the end of 2014, we thought it would be quite apt to sum up the year with photos which have inspired us. Not through our eyes, but through the eyes of our good friend and award-winning photographer, Edwin Koo. Accolades under his belt include a runner-up for the Unicef Photo of the Year, as well as the ICON de Martell Cordon Bleu, one of Singapore's most prestigious awards which recognises an individual for an outstanding body of work in his career.
Edwin became a professional photographer quite by accident in 2003. Trained in journalism, he always thought he would become a writer, but fate landed him his first job as a photojournalist in local newspapers Streats, and then The Straits Times. Life as a news photographer was exciting - he could be photographing a celebrity now, then the next, grieving relatives of a murder. He liked his job but felt a growing desire to tell his own stories. Five years on, he decided to take a sabbatical, and left for Nepal with his newly-wedded wife.
His two-year stint in Nepal was an eye-opener, and it was where he learnt a great deal about himself and his personal voice in photography. He started photographing anything and everything, in his own ways and style, and packaged the photos as serious documentary stories for media outlets.
Today, Edwin has a commercial portfolio but continues to pursue his documentary projects, especially long term ones that demonstrate an artistic vision on the world. Early this year, he published his first monograph - Paradise - a story on the Swat Valley of Pakistan, and a project which took him five years to complete.
We ask Edwin for the five images which sum up 2014 for him:
Photo #1: Although this photo was taken in Aug 2013, it also summarizes my project and book 'Paradise'. Based on true events that happened in Swat Valley, Pakistan since 2009, this book asks a universal question: “What is paradise?”
Photo #2: I started teaching documentary photography at Objectifs. Previously, I resisted teaching because it is extremely exhausting, since I normally spend a lot of time preparing and looking through students’ work. I don’t think I know how to do shortcuts and compromises - once I set my mind to do something, its all or nothing. This image was taken at Tiong Bahru market, as I was waiting for students to come back with their assignment. The way this boy peered at the goldfish teleports me back to my own childhood.
Photo #3: This image shows photography lecturer Mr Chow Chee Yong shooting the Church of the Nativity using a 4x5 large format camera. For a group project called Island Nation, I decided to learn how to shoot large format because it calls to mind that every image is precious. Every time you load film cartridge into the field camera, it’s really “one shot one kill”. To make things worse, 4x5 film is very expensive. So it really slows me down and makes me more careful with composition and shooting. It really runs against my style of candidness and spontaneity, but that challenge of not being able to be my normal self is exciting by itself!
Photo #4: This image shows my second son, Daniel, who was born this March. Becoming a father changes my way of being, and hence my way of seeing. Still, it doesn’t alter the spontaneity of my photography. We were on a family holiday to Melaka when suddenly my wife remarked “how white everything is” in the hotel room. We decided to wrap the little one in a towel and started making portraits of him.
Photo #5: This image shows a boy getting a haircut from a street barber in Kathmandu. It reminds me of my own haircut encounters, and more recently, encounters between barbers and my son, Luke. Boys seem to have this love-hate relationship with barbers, so evident on their expressions. Also, this marked the third year of Kathmandu INSIDE:OUT masterclass, an annual workshop that takes place in the Himalayan capital with the objective of sharing my learning journey as a photographer with others. The team usually arrives a few days in advance to prepare for the course proper, and I was trawling the streets when this image called at me to be taken.
If you have enjoyed his photography, do send Edwin some love on his Instagram account 'SingaporeSon'. The moniker is a throwback to his project on the General Elections in 2011. He likes to think of his Instagram photos as memory markers, like trailers from movies, or excerpts from books.
Do you know of any other photographers who have inspired you, or do you have an amazing photo of your own to share with us? Tell us your story at gayle@adcbags.com. We look forward to hearing from you and hope that you are ending the year on a great note. Here's to a new year of fresh resolutions!
Conceptualizing Inclusive Growth
A two-day consultation organized by the Planning Commission and the UNDP aimed to arrive at a conceptual understanding of inclusive growth and the key determinants of an inclusive growth framework that can guide countries, development agencies and communities in the coming years.
Inclusive development strategies will require more inclusive growth processes that involve those on the "wrong side" of the income divide say participants of a UNDP-Planning Commission consultation in New Delhi.
Highlights
- year
- The consultation was organized by the Planning Commission and UNDP
New Delhi, 24 October, 2011: "Inclusive growth means much more than poverty reduction. Issues of equity, both inter-generational and between rich and poor, regional inequities and the needs of minorities need to be factored in," said Montek Singh Ahluwalia, Deputy Chairman, Planning Commission.
He was speaking at a two-day consultation organised by the Planning Commission and the United Nations Development Programme which began in New Delhi today. years.
According to Ajay Chhibber, UN Assistant Secretary General, UNDP Assistant Administrator and Regional Director for Asia and the Pacific, "Special affirmative action programmes that address discrimination will not be sufficient to achieve inclusive growth if the overall growth process is not intrinsically inclusive, i.e. if it does not encourage employment or reduce rural-urban growth disparities."
As concern mounts over the need for policies that promote economic growth and lead to better human development outcomes for people, Patrice Coeur-Bizot, United Nations Resident Coordinator and UNDP Resident Representative, India, said, "There is now a growing recognition that countries need to simultaneously focus on economic growth and socio-economic progress, and it cannot be assumed that the former will pave the way for the latter."
Tracing the trajectory of theoretical frameworks to understand growth and development, Rathin Roy, Director, International Policy Centre for Inclusive Growth said, " Inclusive growth processes target better inclusion of citizens – as workers, entrepreneurs and consumers of public and private goods - in the delivery of growth. An inclusive growth strategy views growth as a target, and relies on the intensive use of factors of production of groups on the wrong side of the income distribution divide such as labour."
The resounding message emanating from day one of the consultation is that a more inclusive development strategy will require a more inclusive growth process itself. Unequal growth accompanied by social programmes for those left behind will not be enough. Social policies play a critical role in the interventions that can enable people to participate on the "right side of the divide."
Resources:
- Concept Note
- Agenda
- Presentations:
- Title: Intersections between Social Protection, Inclusive Growth and Fiscal Space
Presenter: Rathin Roy, Director, International Policy Centre for Inclusive Growth, Brazil
- Title: Inclusive Growth under “Economic Reforms” Some Questions
Presenter: Indira Hirway, Director, Centre for Development Alternatives, India
- Title: Inclusive Growth and policies: the Asian Experience Presenter: T Palanivel, Chief Economist, UNDP Regional Bureau for Asia-Pacific
- Title: Notes on the Relatively Recent Brazilian Experience of Economic Growth with (Government-Led) Income Redistribution Presenter: Rodrigo Octávio Orair, Macroeconomics Division, Institute for Applied Economic Research (IPEA), Brazil
- Title: Nature and Challenges of Exclusion: The case of Public Spending in Mexico
Presenter: Rodolfo De la Torre, Head, HDR Unit, UNDP Mexico
- Title: How Inclusive Growth has been during 1993/94-2009/10? :Concept, Performance and Lessons for12th Plan
Presenters: Sukhadeo Thorat and Amaresh Dubey, Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi
- Title: Hukou System and its Reform: Exclusion and Inclusion in China
Presentation sent by: Dr. Wang Lie Jun
- Title: Emerging Elements of an Inclusive Growth Framework
Presenter: K Seeta Prabhu, Senior Advisor, UNDP India
- Press Release
********************************************************  Iglesia Cristiana Ebenezer of Greenville, TX Licensee of Station KYLP-LP Greenville, Texas ) ) ) ) ) ) ) File No.: EB-FIELDSCR-12-00004371 NAL/Acct. No.: 201332500003 FRN: 0015575970 Facility ID No.: 135673 NOTICE OF APPARENT LIABILITY FOR FORFEITURE AND ORDER Adopted: May 6, 2013 Released: May 6, 2013 By the District Director, Dallas Office, South Central Region, Enforcement Bureau: I. INTRODUCTION 1. In this Notice of Apparent Liability for Forfeiture and Order (NAL), we find that Iglesia Cristiana Ebenezer of Greenville, TX (Iglesia), licensee of Station KYLP-LP (Station), in Greenville, Texas, apparently willfully and repeatedly violated Section 11.35(a) of the Commission's rules (Rules),^ by failing to install Emergency Alert System (EAS) equipment and maintain EAS logs. We conclude that Iglesia is apparently liable for a forfeiture in the amount of nine thousand dollars ($9,000). In addition, we direct Iglesia to submit, no later than thirty (30) calendar days from the release date of this NAL, a statement signed under penalty of perjury stating that Station KYLP-LP has installed operational EAS equipment and otherwise complies with the EAS rules. II. BACKGROUND 2. On March 7, 2012, in response to an unrelated complaint about the Station, an agent from the Dallas Office of the Enforcement Bureau (Dallas Office) inspected the main studio for Station KYLP-LP and observed that the station had no EAS equipment installed at the studio. On March 16, 2012, the agent also confirmed that the Station had not installed any EAS equipment at its transmitter site. Moreover, Station KYLP had no EAS logs demonstrating that EAS equipment had ever been installed or operational EAS Equipment and Maintain EAS Logs. The evidence in this case is sufficient to establish that Iglesia.^ evidence before us, we find that Iglesia apparently willfully and repeatedly violated Section 11.35(a) of the Rules by failing to install EAS equipment and maintain EAS logs. B. Proposed Forfeiture and Reporting Requirement 6. Pursuant to the Commission's Forfeiture Policy Statement and Section 1.80 of the Rules, the base forfeiture amount for failing to Iglesia's failure to maintain any EAS logs for the Station warrants an upward adjustment of $1,000. Applying the Forfeiture Policy Statement, Section 1.80 of the Rules, and the statutory factors to the instant case, we conclude that Iglesia is apparently liable for a forfeiture in the amount of $9,000. 7. We further order Iglesia to submit a written statement, pursuant to Section 1.16 of the Rules,^ signed under penalty of perjury by an officer or director of Iglesia, stating that Station KYLP-LP has installed operational EAS equipment as required, and otherwise complies with the EAS rules. This statement must be provided to the Dallas, Iglesia Cristiana Ebenezer of Greenville, TX is hereby NOTIFIED of this APPARENT LIABILITY FOR A FORFEITURE in the amount of nine thousand dollars ($9,000) for violations of Section 11.35(a) of the Rules.^ 9. IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that, pursuant to Section 1.80 of the Commission's rules, within thirty (30) calendar days of the release date of this Notice of Apparent Liability for Forfeiture and Order, Iglesia Cristiana Ebenezer of Greenville, TX SHALL PAY the full amount of the proposed forfeiture or SHALL FILE a written statement seeking reduction or cancellation of the proposed forfeiture. 10. IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that Iglesia Cristiana Ebenezer of Greenville, TX, Texas 75243. Iglesia shall also e-mail the written statement to SCR-Response@fcc.gov. 11. Payment of the forfeiture must be made by check or similar instrument, wire transfer, or credit card, and must include the NAL/Account number and FRN referenced above. Iglesia Cristiana Ebenezer of Greenville, TX. Iglesia Cristiana Ebenezer of Greenville, TX Iglesia Cristiana Ebenezer of Greenville, TX at 3207 Forest Lane, Garland, Texas 74042. FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION James D. Wells District Director Dallas Office South Central Region Enforcement Bureau ^ File No. EB-FIELDSCR-12-00004371 incorporates the contents of File No. EB-11-DL-0053. ^ 47 C.F.R. S 11.35(a). ^ See 47 C.F.R. SS 11.35(b) (requiring licensees to log when EAS equipment is removed for repair or replacement), 73.1820(a)(1)(iii) (requiring licensees to maintain a log for each test and activation of EAS.19, supra note. SS 0.111, 0.204, 13-1004 5 Federal Communications Commission DA 13-1004
My manager has me as a “A” while everyone else is a “B”. I never cared about this before but then I realized that everyone else knows. My ego doesn’t like that! LOL. (very un-Buddhist like) But they’ve known for a while. I think it is because I don’t talk in meetings. I’m sure there are other things but that is probably #1.
My ego is fine. Whatever. I don’t care about financial incentives either. The only incentive I would care about is working at home. THAT IS THE ONLY THING THAT MATTERS TO ME. Yes I meant to yell. My manager knows I could give a crap about a bonus. I’m not motivated by that. (There was a study that showed in general “geeks” are not motivated by money. I’m not the only one).
“A” or “B” has nothing to do with money. It is just a job title. Here’s the issue: Today I don’t care. But I know one day I’m going to be so irritated by mean girl A or mean girl b or just work in general and I’m going to march into her office and demand to know why I’m not a “B” like everyone else. That is not a good thing. So I think I’m going to ask her when we meet. (We meet one on one a few times of year).
HOWEVER, I don’t want her to think I’m going to start talking in meetings to get to a B. I’m just curious. I’m only asking. She has hinted about it but never told me exactly what she wants me to do. Chances of me doing anything socially is slim. Very slim. I can guarantee you that if I worked at home like the others, I would be a “B”. The work at homers never talk in meetings unless called on. Talk about fair. :grumble:
So I’m being punished for having social anxiety. The end. Oops, I wasn’t supposed to say that. 😉
To everyone with a social issue or hidden “disability”, you have to work harder than the average person. You probably already know that if you are in the work force but the kids need to listen to me:
Since you don’t have the social thing down, you have to be a hard worker. If you can work late, work late almost always but don’t kill yourself. It isn’t worth it, trust me. If you are able to show you care, DO IT. For example, we didn’t have clear rules on how to do our work so I typed out my own rules. It was about 20 pages! (Now it is longer…) My boss would not have known if she hadn’t said, “make sure you keep notes”. Then I told her about all my notes. She was surprised and grateful. They used my notes to train new people. If it weren’t for that, I may be on thinner ice. That showed I gave a damn. I cared about how I did my work.
It might not sound fair but you will have to work harder to make up for your lack of social skills. Look at the average workers. WORK HARDER. If you can talk to your manager then bring up things you’ve done. He/she may have no idea how hard you’ve been working.
I know it is tough in this economy. I know a lot of people with social anxiety don’t have jobs. TIP: Go to a temp agency. I hated it and hope I don’t have to go back to that but I wouldn’t have my job now without it. If you are socially awkward and are worried about the job interview, apply to be a dishwasher at night (night shift pays more). I won’t recommend fast food because I failed at that but you might be able to do it. I sucked at that….Anyhow, the interviews for dishwashing is easier than an interview for a clerical position. You may get hired on the spot.
I know being a dishwasher isn’t ideal. But I believe doing something just to get started in the workforce is better than nothing*. Personally I would start with the temp agency. I can’t remember the interview process but it is a hell of a lot easier than an interview for a regular full time job. I had SA pretty bad back then but I still managed to get some temp work.
(*I also believe that this will give you better work karma later on but I realize a lot of people don’t believe in this. So ignore this part.)
I also got laid off from temp jobs for not being social enough. That may happen. It will seem like the end of the world. It happened to me twice. One job was a really good job. I would be making more money if they hadn’t “let me go”. Sigh. I cried for days each time.
WORK HARDER. I’m your biggest cheerleader. 🙂 🙂 🙂
The best car wreckers in Roleystone offer you top dollar cash for junk cars up to $9,999. Whether it is an old car that you want to get rid of or a whole line of commercial trucks, car wreckers Roleystone will tow it all away for free.
Car wreckers Roleystone have been dealing in all used, junk, wrecked, old and scrap cars of all brands and types. Regardless of why you want to get rid of the car, Roleystone wrecker are willing to pay you instant top dollar cash up to $9,999. Whether you want immediate cash for your old car or are selling it to upgrade your drive, Roleystone scrap car buyers will give you the best deals.
When looking for the junk car buyers in the suburb, car wreckers Roleystone would be your best bet. We not only pay you for your old, scrap and junk car but we also pay for it instantly anywhere in Roleystone. In addition to our convenient services, we offer a completely free car wrecking and recycling in Roleystone.
Sell us any of your unwanted trucks, cars, vans, 4WDs, SUVs, minivans, UTEs, 4x4s and vintage cars in Roleystone within one hour. We buy cars without any concern for its condition and location in Roleystone and our experts do the evaluation of the car and put up a quote on it that we guarantee to be most reasonable.
Free Removal And Cash For Cars Roleystone Up to $9,999
Our cash offers for all junk, used, scrap, old and unwanted cars go as high as $9,999 in Roleystone and Perth. Which is pretty great considering your car has broken down and doing you no good in Roleystone. There are times when the smarter choice is to sell the car, instead of spending loads of money on its repair in Roleystone.
The good thing is that even a scrap, junk or broken down car does not lose much of its value, in terms of recyclable material in Roleystone. In our Car wreckers Roleystone yard, we consider all cars to be good cars and so we are good at estimating their exact worth. Right after our Roleystone car evaluation experts prepare a quote, we schedule a pick-up day. We not only offer to tow your car away in Roleystone on the same day but we do it for free as well.
And the very first thing we do, when we arrive at your place in Roleystone, is hand you the cash. Depending on the condition of your car, our quote may exceed up to $9,999 in Roleystone which we guarantee to pay you on the same day. Whether you want us to transfer the amount to your account or want it in cash in Roleystone. We make it happen on the very same day after buying car in Roleystone.
Free Scrap Car Removal All Around Roleystone
Our car wrecking company is known for its best service as Roleystone’s free junk and scrap car removals. We can easily access every location in Roleystone within one day. Inform us of any junk, old, accident-ridden or flood-damaged car and location in Roleystone. Even if you spot a crashed car stranded anywhere in Roleystone and want it removed. Our motor vehicle license permit lets us tow any unwanted car right away and and Roleystone car removal team hands the full worth of the junk instantly.
Car Wreckers Roleystone Buy Every Model
We buy all kinds and brands of cars regardless of their condition from all locations around Roleystone, especially the top German, Korean, Russian, American, Japanese and European car makes are frequently dealt in.
- Japanese Models in Roleystone: Honda, Toyota, Mitsubishi, Mazda, Nissan, Lexus, Hino, Isuzu
- American Models in Roleystone: Ford, Volvo, Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Jaguar, Suzuki
- European Models in Roleystone: Kia, Volkswagen, Mercedes-Benz, BMW, Renault
- Other Models in Roleystone: Subaru, Holden, Daewoo, Peugeot
Sell us any of the above mentioned brands and get cash up to $9,999 for all used, old, wrecked and unwanted cars in Roleystone today. We even buy totaled and unregistered cars for wrecking and recycling in Roleystone.
Steps to Sell a Car in Roleystone – How it Works
We are one of the leading cash for car companies not only in Roleystone but also in whole Perth. The routine of Car wreckers Roleystone is very simple. All you need to do is follow the steps and get yourself instant cash for scrap, used, old and unwanted cars in Roleystone.
- Contact our customer support in Roleystone by either emailing, calling or filling up an online quick quote form.
- Sign up for the instant cash for car removals Roleystone by letting us know the basic details about your car along with your contact information. Roleystone team require, the make, model and the year your car was manufactured. Roleystone crew also need to know the mileage on your car and its overall condition, since as these are the factors that help us determine the actual value of a car.
- Next, we let you know the quote we put on your car in Roleystone and you tell us whether or not you approve it.
- Soon after we receive your approval, Roleystone removal team schedule to perform a free car removal on a day that suits you the best.
- Our towing equipment and trucks arrive at your location in Roleystone for a 100% free car removal on the designated day.
- We hand you the full worth of your car in cash and tow the junk car away from your premises in Roleystone to our main yard.
Trusted Car Wreckers and Dismantlers in Roleystone
In our car wreckers Roleystone yard, we carry out the car wrecking routine in an efficient way.
The car wreckers in our Roleystone scrap yard consider eco-friendly method as their top approach as we dismantle and later recycle all cars following a clean-green routine. This routine of ours ensures that none of the toxic substances from a car harm the Roleystone environment as we follow the 3R rules; Reduce, Reuse and Recycle.
We reduce wastage and put all resources to maximum use in Roleystone which means that we also reuse all the parts that may be in good condition. And in the end Roleystone wrecking team recycle all the damaged and discarded material which is mainly rubber, plastic, glass and heaps of metal.
When car wrecking Roleystone team brings a completely broken, crashed or junk car to our yard, the experts look for any good parts if it still has. Then they drain all the excessive oils and car fluid very cautiously and after that, the Roleystone car dismantlers dismantle the car and sort the damaged parts material-wise into separate piles. Finally, all the junk material is recycled through our best processes in Roleystone recycling yard.
It won’t surprise you that AUNE’s Department of Clinical Psychology, launched thirty years ago, was innovative right from the start.
“Even from the beginning, we imagined ourselves as visionaries,” said Roger Peterson, professor and Distinguished Senior Scholar in the Department of Clinical Psychology, who joined the first PsyD faculty in the fall of 1982. “Coming out of the seventies, we were less hierarchical and more open to new ways of thinking. We were alternative! We were really trying to do something different in clinical psychology education.”
That something was to educate psychologists as practitioner-scholars, well-rounded clinicians with a broad range of skills and competencies who would be integrated into their communities, especially important in rural New England. It ran counter to the typical doctoral program of the day which trained people in narrow research areas, with an academic rather than practical focus.
It put AUNE at the leading edge of an emerging Doctor of Psychology (PsyD) movement which emphasized preparing graduates for clinical practice as a primary focus. It educated students through an inclusive, generalist philosophy that taught many different approaches to practicing psychology and the many roles that graduates might be called on to play in their vocations.
At the Beginning
When the program opened in June 1982, AUNE was located on Roxbury Street. It was the beginning of the expansion of psychological services across the country. AUNE’s PsyD program was initially directed by David L. Singer, who was also director of AUNE’s master’s in psychology program and taught at AUNE from 1977 to 1993.
Twenty students were admitted that first semester, ten in the first-year program and ten in the second-year program. In 1982, there were just two full-time core faculty members, David Singer and Roger Peterson. There were some part-time faculty too, Colby Smith, who has been with AUNE since 1977. At the time, matriculating students were required to have a master’s degree, a requirement that was dropped in the early 1990s. (Now, about 25 percent of students entering the PsyD program have a master’s.) There were only twenty-six PsyD programs in the United States; now there are at least three times that number, but AUNE’s is still the only clinical psychology doctoral program in New Hampshire. The American Psychological Association awarded the program its first accreditation in 1986.
The PsyD had been essentially founded by Donald Peterson, professor of psychology at Rutgers University and a mentor to Roger, in the 1960s. In the 1990s, Roger and some national colleagues went on to develop the professional training model now used by most PsyD programs in the country. One element of that model is the Professional Seminar, originated at AUNE as part of our practitioner-scholar approach to clinical psychology. The ProSem model asks students, working in groups, to regularly learn academic material, examine self-in-role, and discuss their clinical work. It promotes self-reflection said Colby, now a professor of clinical psychology, who started as an adjunct faculty member at AUNE in 1977.
Focus on Rural Mental Health
AUNE PsyD faculty were leaders in training psychologists who would be practicing in rural areas. At the time there were only a handful of psychologists in New England. “We were building a program that had enhancing of rural mental health as one of its goals,” Colby said. “(Adult learners) could drive here one or two days a week; they didn’t have to move to the city. We thought of it as community intervention. Now our graduates are practicing and supervising all over New England.”
Roger had taught and practiced in the rural Upper Peninsula of Michigan before coming to AUNE. “We were all grounded in the interpersonal, the philosophy that the central things that are curative are a person’s relationships, and you have to understand the person within context, he said. Because we were in a rural area, we were going to be practicing in all kinds of contexts and you had to have exposure to all kinds of settings. So AUNE’s approach was intentionally generalist, to prepare graduates for the variety and complexity of circumstances they would face.”
AUNE’s PsyD department itself had a close sense of community. “We were small enough to have a community model and discuss training issues over dinner. Also, a group of early faculty had a group private practice together,” Roger said. “The faculty was more collaborative, consistent with the times but different than many academic programs at the time.”
Today there are more core faculty members than there were a quarter century ago. More students and faculty live in the Keene area, and the students are generally younger these days.
During the 1990s, Singer, Peterson, and Kathi Borden, the current chair of the PsyD program, all served as presidents of the National Council of Professional Schools (NCSSP), a major distinction for the program. Their influence helped move NCSPP educational model into the national arena.
PsyD Centers Involve Community
Several centers housed in the PsyD Department reflect faculty and student involvement in the community. Two years before AUNE left Roxbury Street for Avon Street, the PsyD Department opened the Psychological Services Center, a training clinic for PsyD students which offers mental health services to community members. “We made a commitment to having an important part of our training here; our faculty supervises them, and through the clinic we are involved with the community,” Colby said.
The Center for Research on Psychological Practices (CROPP) was founded in 1996 as a research center incorporating applied clinical research and evaluation skills, especially in the area of health care systems.
In 2000, the Multicultural Center for Research and Practice was started to foster multiculturalism, social justice, and, through its support of Support Group for Ethnic and Racial Diversity (SERD)/Disaster Shakti, community service. It reflects the philosophy that AUNE’s PsyD program was built on thirty years ago.
The spirit that was at the beginning is still here today, we are for social justice and I think we were from the beginning, Roger said. The relationship and growth of people as professionals is also here. It’s deep in the roots of AUNE.
Doro PhoneEasy 618 (Consumer Cellular)
.
Performance.
Under the In Case of Emergency menu, you can list your name, age, height, weight, language, insurance, emergency contacts, doctor, medical condition, allergies, blood type, and other pertinent medical information, which is a nice touch. The "flashlight" is really just the LED light on the front of the phone for the camera flash, though it's good to have in case of emergencies. And the FM radio sounds surprisingly good through the bundled earphones.
Text messaging is a relatively straightforward affair, though you're at the mercy of typing with the number pad. And in an effort to make things simple, Doro has added so many steps that it actually becomes a little cumbersome. First you need to select that you want to send a text, then you have to write the message, then you have to decide where it's going, and then you have to confirm you want to send it. There's no way to just look up the recipient in your phonebook and send the message to them directly.
The 3.2-megapixel camera comes with auto-focus, LED flash, and digital zoom. It sounds impressive, but the results don't quite match up. Generally speaking, photos look fine, with average color but slightly smudgy details. There's no way to record video, and I lost a bunch of test shots to motion blur, so you need to remain very still while snapping a photo. Unlike the Jitterbug Plus, there's no way to share these photos online. You can send them as a picture message or set them as your wallpaper, but that's it.
Also unlike the Jitterbug Plus, the PhoneEasy 618 lacks access to all of GreatCall's additional apps and services, like 5Star Urgent Response, automated check-in calls and medication reminders, or free daily health tips. Granted, most of these services add an additional fee to your plan, but for some users, they are essential. Additionally, the Jitterbug's 'Yes and No' user interface is even a little simpler to use.
So while the Samsung Jitterbug Plus remains our Editors' Choice for simple phones, the Doro PhoneEasy 618 presents a very solid option. If you don't need access to GreatCall's additional services, you'll probably save some money by using the PhoneEasy 618. Get this instead of the older model, the PhoneEasy 410. That phone only costs $10 less, and it lacks a camera and has a smaller, lower-resolution display. There's also the unlocked Snapfon ez ONE-c, which is as minimal as phones get, but you really can't do anything with it other than call or text.
More Cell Phone Reviews:
Blu Studio Energy (Unlocked)
ZTE Grand X Max+ (Cricket Wireless)
ZTE Warp Sync (Boost Mobile)
LG Optimus L90 (T-Mobile)
KD Interactive Kurio Phone (Unlocked)
more
Description
I would like to say thank you to several people who asked me to write a Vegan Oriental Dishes cookbook. I enjoyed spending a lot of time in my kitchen to create many healthy dishes, and I loved the taste of each of these dishes. Many oriental dishes use beef and chicken. I safely substituted Vegetarian Beef and Vegetarian Chicken, and amazingly, they taste great. I pray that you will enjoy all of these recipes from this cookbook, because I do!
* This cookbook contains 150 delicious healthy oriental dishes. You will find many low fat Stir-Fry Dishes, Korean Dishes, Chinese Dishes, Thai Dishes, Japanese Dishes, Filipino Dishes and many more recipes for you and your family.
* This cookbook is Cholesterol-Free, High in Fiber, High in Omega-3, and High in Soy.
* This cookbook contains No Eggs, No Dairy, No MSG and No Animal Products.
* You will be amazed how simple and easy it is to make these recipes and yet they will satisfy you completely. It uses the most healthy ingredients that will benefit good health and be a blessing to you.
* If you are wanting to be a vegetarian, but don’t now how to transition into one… then this cookbook can help you substitute all the unhealthy foods into nutritional foods.
INDEX OF RECIPES
- Alfalfa Sprouts &Amp; Brown Rice Salad
- Baked Brown Rice
- Baked Giant Wonton
- Baked Squash
- Bananas In Coconut Milk
- Barbecued Chicken
- Beef-Like Filling Rolls
- Beef-Like Seasonings
- Beef-Like Stir Fry
- Beef-Like Tofu
- Black Sesame Seed Cookies
- Breaded Zucchini
- Brown Rice &Amp; Tofu Salad
- Brown Rice Pudding
- Cabbage Salad
- Cabbage Stew
- Carrot &Amp; Turnip Greens Salad
- Cashew Chicken-Like
- Chicken Like Seasonings
- Chicken Or Turkey (Vegetarian Meat)
- Chow Mein
- Combination Fried Rice
- Cooked Turnip Greens
- Corn Patties (Mini)
- Crunch Cucumber Salad
- Dandelion Greens Salad
- Date Butter Rolls
- Delicious Korean Stir-Fry
- Delicious Mushrooms
- Egg Roll Sauce
- Egg-Like Drop Soup
- Egg-Like Fuyong
- Egg-Roll Wrapper
- Filipino Chicken Adobo
- Filipino Chicken Noodle Soup
- Filipino Chow Mein
- Filipino Sweet Rice Cake
- Fresh Cucumber Kimchi #1
- Fresh Cucumber Kimchi #2
- Fried Rice
- Green Chips
- Green Onion Patties
- Green Onion Salad
- Half Moon Sweet Rice Rolls
- Icicle Radish Kimchi (Kak-Du-Ki)
- Japanese Misosiru (Soy Soup)
- Japanese Stir-Fry Noodles
- Japanese Sukiyaki (Stew)
- Kim Chi (Non-Spice)
- Korean Cucumber Salad
- Korean Egg Rolls
- Korean Garlic Pickles
- Korean Mini Pancakes
- Korean Soybean Patties
- Korean Spinach Salad
- Korean Sushi (Kim Bob)
- Korean Sweet &Amp; Sour Beef
- Korean Sweet Rice Cake
- Korean Teriyaki Steak (Boolgogee)
- Korean Tofu Stew
- Korean Traditional Noodle (Job Chai)
- Lemon Chicken-Like
- Lo Mein
- Melon Salad
- Mushroom Patties #1
- Mushroom Patties #2
- Mushroom Rice
- Onion &Amp; Zucchinis Patties
- Oriental Salad Dressing
- Oriental Stir-Fry
- Peach-Stuffed Crepes
- Pepper Steak-Like
- Persimmon Walnut Pie
- Pineapple Sweet &Amp; Sour Sauce
- Potato Thread
- Red &Amp; Green Brown Rice
- Red Bean Pocket Bread
- Rice Cream Soup
- Rice Noodles Salad
- Sauteed Onions
- Seaweed Patties
- Seaweed Salad
- Seaweed Soup
- Sesame Dressing
- Sesame Seed Bars
- Sesame Seed Spread
- Sesame Tofu Stir-Fry
- Sesame Topping
- Soybean Pancakes
- Soy Nuts
- Soy Sauce Pickle Brine
- Soybean Pocket
- Spinach &Amp; Green Onion Patties
- Spinach Rice
- Spring Rolls
- Spring Rools Sauce
- Spring Rolls With Rice Skin
- Squash Patties
- Steak &Amp; Celery Stir-Fry
- Stir-Fry Beef And Potatoes
- Stir-Fry Cabbage &Amp; Carrot
- Stir-Fry Celery
- Stir-Fry Cucumber
- Stir-Fry Green Beans
- Stir-Fry Hot Romaine Salad
- Stir-Fry Leeks
- Stir-Fry Medley
- Stir-Fry Mushrooms
- Stir-Fry Napa Cabbage
- Stir-Fry Pineapple
- Stir-Fry Red &Amp; Green Bell Peppers
- Stir-Fry Red Bell Pepper &Amp; Zucchinis
- Stir-Fry Sweet Potato
- Stir-Fry Turnip Green
- Stir-Fry Zucchini
- Stuffed Zucchini
- Sweet &Amp; Sour Chicken-Like #1
- Sweet &Amp; Sour Chicken-Like #2
- Sweet &Amp; Sour Dressing
- Sweet &Amp; Sour Noodle
- Sweet &Amp; Sour Sauce
- Sweet &Amp; Sour Steak-Like
- Sweet &Amp; Sour Tofu “Chicken”
- Sweet Potato Pie
- Tempura (Deep-Fried, Batter Foods)
- Teriyaki Chicken-Like #1
- Teriyaki Chicken-Like #2
- Teriyaki Sauce #1
- Teriyaki Sauce #2
- Thai Beef-Like &Amp; Noodle Soup (Non-Spice)
- Thai Beef-Like Stir-Fry (Non-Spice)
- Thai Beef-Like With Noodles
- Thai Chicken-Like &Amp; Peanut (Non-Spice)
- Thai Corn Fritters
- Thai Vegetable &Amp; Noodle Soup (Non-Spice)
- Thai Vegetables With Tofu (Non-Spice)
- Thai Wontons
- Turnip Green Salad
- Turnip Pickles
- Vegetable Delight Patties
- Vegetable Stir Fry
- Walnut Gluten- Vegetarian Beef
- Watermelon Rind Pickles
- Watermelon Rinds Salad
- Zucchini Patties
- Zucchini Stew
- Buy this product and stream 90 days of Amazon Music Unlimited for free. E-mail after purchase. Conditions apply. Learn more
Learn more
Healing Power of the Sacred Woman: Health, Creativity, and Fertility for the Soul Paperback – 24 Jan."--Dhara Lemos, Lotus Guide Magazine, April 2013
"Dr. Page reminds women to reconnect to the potent and creative energy of Mother Earth, which gives power to the intuitive voice of the heart and nurtures new seeds of inspiration and enlightenment through the womb."--Branches of Light, June 2013
"Showing that a woman's purpose is to give birth not only to new life but also to new levels of consciousness, The Healing Power of the Sacred Woman is a wake-up call for both humanity and every woman on the planet. I love this book."--Donna Eden, coauthor of Energy Medicine: Balancing Your Body's Energies for Optimal Health, Jo
"After 4,000 years the true role of women, as the essential foundation for human life itself and for the sacred rituals of life, is reintroduced to our society. Dr. Page has given us a tremendous gift through the embodiment of the Sacred Woman. Essential reading for all conscious individuals!"--C. Norman Shealy, M.D., Ph.D., president of Holos Institutes of Health and author of Energy Medicine
"This is a magnificent book! Bravo, Dr. Page, for pulling all these sacred threads together in one place in this time of reawakening!"--Christiane Northrup, M.D., ob/gyn physician and author of the New York Times bestsellers Women&rsquo
"A brilliant contribution to health and consciousness literature . . .every reader will benefit enormously from Dr. Christine Page's knowledge and wisdom."--Caroline Myss, author of the New York Times bestselling Anatomy of the Spirit
"The Healing Power of the Sacred Woman is filled with ancient wisdom that activates conscious awareness while simultaneously nourishing and renewing our souls."--Linda Star Wolf, founder of Venus Rising Association for Transformation and author of Shamanic Breat
"In her book The Healing Power of the Sacred Woman, Christine R. Page, M.D., asks a question of timeless importance: 'How do we really connect with the feminine essence?' It's clear she has also lived the question, in both ordinary and extraordinary ways, making this more than an ordinary book, but a pure expression of the search for the most authentic answer. You'll discover insights and ancient wisdom on every page, because it is all within you, waiting for your inevitable embrace."--Anaiya Sophia, author Sacred Sexual Union and coauthor of Womb Wisdom
"Filled with practical analogies, you will explore the depth of emotions and perceptions and learn to reconnect by examining the ancient, historic and proven examples throughout the ages."--Sonia von Matt Stoddard, Awareness Magazine, January 2013
"At this moment I urge you, courageous man or woman, to open your heart and spirit to investigate this book and find what wisdom awaits you, the deepest part of you, to help you answer an essential question, 'What am I here to do?' I believe this book helps provide an answer."--Jeff Ferrannini, Planetary Spirit, January 2013
From the Back Cover
NEW AGE / SELF-HELP "This is a magnificent book! Bravo, Dr. Page, for pulling all these sacred threads together in one place in this time of reawakening!" --Christiane Northrup, M.D., ob/gyn physician and author of the New York Times bestsellers Women's Bodies, Women's Wisdom and The Wisdom of Menop of. CHRISTINE R. PAGE, M.D., received her medical degree from the University of London in 1978. Known as a mystical physician, she is an international seminar leader on healing and empowerment and is the author of several books, including Frontiers of Health and 2012 and the Galactic Center: The Return of the Great Mother. She lives in northern California.See all Product description
Customers who bought this item also bought
5 customer reviews
Review this product
There was a problem filtering reviews right now. Please try again later.
In being totally open and honest Christine shows us that through gentle yet powerful practices, using ancient wisdom, we are able to reconnect with the source of our feminine power to bring about healing in ourselves and all around us. There are many 'Ah ha' moments when reading this book as we remember our old understandings of the way we should be living our lives. The practices are simple yet profound and easily followed. This is a wonderful adjunct to Christine's workshop on the essential healing of women.
Initially this book is aimed at women who have collectively forgotten how to access and embody their true feminine, but I feel it is essential for every male to realise what will be happening as the feminine energy rises on this planet to enable a true balance of the masculine and feminine. A very good book, to be read slowly and mindfully.
Chairman's Chat no.5
By Jeff Nicholas, 21st Nov 2010
Things are on the up for Town, New ground and a New Fixture
Alan Truscott’s Chairman’s Chat No 5 –Sunday 21st November 2010
Our 1st XV results continue to follow a familiar pattern which is mirrored by the majority of clubs in the league; winning at home and losing away (albeit, in our case, losing away by the smallest of margins). Away defeats at Chippenham (currently top and undefeated) by 20 pts to 17 and away to Wadebridge by 23 pts to 22 were frustrating. Both matches were winnable especially after leading Wadebridge by 22 pts to 8! In our first season back in S.W.One we are not far away from being really capable of competing for a top half of the table position.
During the month our 2nd XV have enjoyed home successes against Pirates Amateurs and Peninsular Medics (Plymouth) which will give them great encouragement before their next away Merit Table match at Truro on November 27th. If you can’t make the trip that day to Walcot to support the 1st team then why not take the ‘lady in your life’ to Truro, leave her in M & S with your credit card and take a wander up St Clements hill! The 2nd’XV will be glad to see you.
Our 3rd XV meanwhile enjoyed fine wins away to Bodmin and home to Camelford but suffered defeats at the hands of Falmouth 2nd XV home and Liskeard & Looe away. The Camelford and Liskeard matches were Merit Table games.
Rugby returns to the C.S.M. Memorial Ground.
I’m thrilled to report that the Camborne School of Mines Trustees have granted us a 5 year lease on the C.S.M. Memorial Ground. When the Camborne School of Mines as part of the University of Exeter moved to the Combined Universities in Cornwall campus at Tremough, Penryn in 2004 the CSM Rugby stopped using the Memorial Ground in Boundervean Lane, Penponds training and playing their games on Penryn’s ground.
Although the CSM Trustees had disposed of almost all its property portfolio in Camborne – the students’ club and hostels in Gustavus Road making way for the new McCarthy Stone retirement complex, the Trevenson campus at Pool being turned into offices for Cornwall Council, Condurrow Mine at Beacon being acquired by a local Heritage Charity – it still retained the old CSM Rugby Ground.
Initially this was leased to Storm football club but as this has now ceased to operate the Trustees have granted us a 5 year lease on the ground. We intend using the facilities for the youth section, particularly the younger age groups, and also will allow the ground to be shared with other local sporting bodies.
Handing over the keys to the ground Robin Dunn, representing the CSM Trust told us that “although Trustees retained the ground as an investment asset he was delighted that rugby would again be played on the ground that many considered had one of the best playing surfaces in the County. Looking around the changing rooms an examination of the autographed shower tiles – originally sold as a fund raining event when building the new facilities in 1989 – brought back reminders of many CSM graduates with Camborne RFC connections. A few still legible ones being Bill Hussey, John Rogers and the late Dr C Victor Phillips”.
Use of this ground will give us an extra facility and alleviate over use of the Recreation Ground and Crane Park especially during the winter months when, Crane Park in particular, gets very muddy due to being used for training virtually every evening.
Boxing Day & beyond – the ‘Rodda’s Milk Cup
In recent years because of league commitments, matches between Camborne & Redruth have been restricted to once a season, on Boxing Day. The durability of the Boxing Day fixture is evident and the match, whether played here or at Redruth, always attracts a crowd in excess of 1000. Historically the two towns played each other 4 times per season and now, after positive discussion between representatives of both clubs I am pleased to announce the decision to introduce a second fixture at Easter.
A.E. Rodda and Son (Rodda’s Creamery), who are in the unique position in sponsoring both clubs have agreed to sponsor all fixtures between us and Redruth for the next two seasons initially, with the aim hopefully of continuing after that. They will also be providing a trophy, to be known as the ‘Rodda’s Milk Cup’, which will be competed for at each match.
This exciting initiative will, I’m certain, create considerable interest locally and with positive publicity in the build up to each match by ourselves and Redruth RFC both matches should produce a good crowd and great atmosphere.
Jeff Knuckey (Redruth RFC Commercial Manager) and myself, who were classmates at Redruth County Grammar School in the late 50’s early 60’s, met for the first time since those school days back in August when the seed was sown to instigate 2 fixtures per season so that each of our clubs enjoy the benefits of one home fixture between our clubs each season. I’m delighted that Rodda’s have agreed to be the sponsors and particularly thank Philip Rodda for his support in this initiative.
So Redruth v Camborne Monday 27th December 2010 and Camborne v Redruth Easter Monday 25th April 2011 are games not to be missed being played for the ‘Rodda’s Milk Cup’. Further details to follow in the coming weeks when there will be a joint club press release.
There is a lot of other news, ideas, plans and challenges to communicate so see you at the members meeting on Wednesday 1st December at 7pm in the ‘Cherry & Whites’ lounge bar.
Alan Truscott
Login or Register to add a comment
Holiday Party Etiquette: A Good Host Is a Responsible Host When It Comes To Serving Alcohol
HOMEOWNERS CAN BE SUBJECT TO SOCIAL HOST LIABILITY LAWS WHEN SERVING LIQUOR
ALBANY, N.Y., Dec. 20, 2011 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The holiday season means party time for many people. But hosts who serve alcohol should take steps to limit their liquor liability and make sure they have the proper insurance, according to the New York Insurance Association, Inc. (NYIA). including New York have them on the books. Most of these laws also offer an injured person, such as the victim of a drunk driver, a method to sue the person who served the alcohol. There are circumstances under these laws where criminal charges may also apply. And even if the Dram Shop Act does not apply, a host can still be civilly liable under ordinary negligence standards.
"Because you can be held legally responsible for your guests' actions after they leave your party, hosts need to be particularly careful," said Ellen Melchionni, president of the NYIA. "While a social host is not liable for injuries sustained by.
How to Protect Yourself and Your Guests
If you plan to serve alcohol at a holiday party the NYIA.
The New York Insurance Association (NYIA®) is a state trade association that has represented the property and casualty insurance industry for more than 125 years. For more information on NYIA, visit.
SOURCE New York Insurance Association
RELATED LINKS
.
Tags: smart meters
July 10, 2011 at 8:22 pm |
Ralph, thanks for writing about this. My husband is very concerned about the possibly health hazard posed by smart meter (we have resisted having cell phones thus far). Would be very interested in followup info on your experimental solution.
July 11, 2011 at 4:05 am |
Hi neighbor. We have had a sign on our for a few months not to “upgrade” it to smart meter and the old one remains — for now. We are also on the delay list. One thing I don;t understand is out here in the boonies where there is no cell reception, where do they transmit to, satellite? How can that be? I guess they have the juice to do what they want.
Chuck
July 17, 2011 at 6:26 am |
SmartCage@ for Smart Meters… go to smartcage.com (available)… Ralph, I want to go into business with you on this. 🙂
–Allan
July 31, 2011 at 9:38 pm |
I used to work in a Rudolf Steiner school in Bærum, Norway, where cell phones were to be switched off at any time, not for any educational reason, but because of the health risk from radiation, meaning teachers and parents were also to comply. Since then I’ve always kept my phone switched off at night, and try to avoid using it or being around it when I can; so I do believe there is a health hazard. However it is unknown to me that this has ever been “confirmed” (in the illusory mainstream sense of the word) anywhere in the world. I have been presented to various reports and claims stating there are dangerous radiation risks connected to cell phone use, but there are all kinds of reports and claims stating and confirming all kinds of radical things that I like to think are true, but that are not acknowledged in mainstream society.
Does anyone know that this is not the case? (that in fact mainstream media acknowledges harmful radiation levels in cell phone use.) My hunch is that it will always be hush hush, because if it were widely known, cell phone use would have to be regulated and cannabis legalized:P hehe
Btw Dr. Abraham, congratulations on your 75th birthday!
I wish i knew you well and could give you a big hug:)
Audun
February 24, 2012 at 3:09 pm |
I have not yet seen peer reviewed studies related to cell phone and other radio and microwave hazards. Would you have any references I might examine?
March 28, 2012 at 9:30 pm |
Please google “cell phone health risks” and see, for example, the WHO article.
June 9, 2013 at 11:10 pm |.
September 15, 2013 at 4:01. I truly do take pleasure in writing but it just seems like
the first 10 to 15 minutes are usually lost just trying to figure out how to begin.
Any suggestions or tips? Kudos!
The UFC once again heads to Brazil on Jan. 14 for UFC 142 and the prelims will be showcased in a two-hour special on FX.
Sources close to the promotion confirmed the special to MMAWeekly.com on Tuesday.
FX was expected to show many of the preliminary specials that previously aired on Spike TV once the promotion’s new deal with FX kicked off in 2012.
UFC 142 will serve as a launching pad for the new product, with a two-hour special showcasing the preliminary bouts for the card taking place in Brazil.
The fights expected to air during the two-hour show include Thiago Tavares vs. Sam Stout, Paulo Thiago vs. Mike Pyle, Fabio Maldonado vs. Stanislav Nedkov, Rob Broughton vs. Ednaldo Oliveira, Felipa Arantes vs. Antonio Carvalho, and Michihiro Omigawa vs. Yuri Alcantara.
UFC 142: Aldo vs. Mendes will air live on pay-per-view starting at 10pm ET/7pm PT with the preliminary special on FX kicking off at 8pm ET/5pm PT.
Follow @DamonMartin on Twitter or e-mail Damon Martin.
For more UFC News and UFC Rumors, follow MMAWeekly.com on Twitter and Facebook.
The Journey so far ................
Texan was founded more than 20 years ago by two adventurous mums, as a unique forum for artists and designers graduating from Tech and Art Schools to show-case and make a living from selling work. That's where our name came from, its a bit of a play on words: Get it? Tech n’ Art schools - say it 3 times quickly!
From those bold beginnings to nowadays, Texan stores represent over 100 artists with thousands of different items on our shelves.
Our philosophy we live by is about Giving, Inspiring and Growing
Give: giving a gift to someone or maybe to yourself brings happiness and that is the ultimate in life - to be happy!
Inspire: inspiring is what we set out to do every day for our customers and our wonderful teams. Our products come from inspired artists using their talents and by sharing this inspiration we hope that in some little way it can be the catalyst for something bigger for you.
Grow: growing our awesome and unique company is the path we are on. We are driven to grow our people, suppliers and customers into achieving all they dream of.
Give, Inspire and Grow - Thanks for making our journey, part of yours
Study doesn’t deter Aspen officials’ concerns about youth drug use
The Aspen Times
In light of a study that shows marijuana may be safer than initially thought, a school official and a local anti-drug activist remain outspoken on the ill effects associated with adolescent cannabis use.
In January, the online journal Scientific Reports published research that compares mortality rates of 10 recreational drugs. Among the key findings is that marijuana is far safer than alcohol. The latter was recorded as the most dangerous of the group and 114 times more deadly than marijuana, according to the report.
The idea that marijuana is safer than alcohol is nothing new, and the study only confirms drug-safety rankings from a decade ago. But the research suggests that the ill effects of cannabis “may have been overestimated in the past,” while dangers linked to alcohol have been “commonly underestimated.”
Based on these findings, the report’s authors suggest that anti-drug groups would be better served combating risks linked to alcohol and the fourth-deadliest in the study, tobacco.
Aspen School District Superintendent John Maloy said Friday that he doesn’t care that adults are legally consuming marijuana but that Colorado’s legalization of medical and recreational cannabis has given some of his students the sense that it’s acceptable.
“Certainly, we’re always concerned about youngsters, adolescents, using illegal substance and the impact on the adolescent brain,” Maloy said.
Since legalization, he said he has seen two significant changes: different perceptions of cannabis and a slight uptick in the number of disciplinary issues surrounding the drug at Aspen High School.
“I’m concerned about that,” Maloy said. “It’s going to take some time for the appropriate behavior seen on the part of adults, to not walk along the street and light up like it’s a cigarette. Our kids see that behavior modeled in town, and I think it creates some confusion with them about what’s right and what’s wrong.”
Angela Marion, co-organizer of the local charter program Drug Free World, shared Maloy’s sentiment, arguing that when adolescents see recreational drug use in public, it adds to their sense that the drug is acceptable for them to use. When it was illegal, there was a moral and legal barrier deterring adolescent use, she said.
“Now that it’s gone, kids go, ‘It’s legal. It must be OK,’ just like they think with beer and alcohol,” she said. “I definitely think it takes away some feeling of, ‘Well, it’s not OK; it’s not good.’”
She said Friday that Scientific Reports’ findings ignore other important risks associated with marijuana, such as negative cognitive effects and increased cases of psychosis, schizophrenia and bronchitis.
Drug Free World is an educational program linked to Los Angeles-based International Foundation. Marion and her husband, Brandon Marion, are scheduled to meet with Gov. John Hickenlooper on March 9 to influence policy for the ever-evolving marijuana industry.
“How are they going to educate the kids?” Marion asked. “That’s a big thing for (Hickenlooper).”
According to an August report published by the Rocky Mountain High Intensity Trafficking Area, Colorado adolescents between the ages of 12 and 17 reported using marijuana at a 39 percent higher rate than the national average in 2012. The report states that the same group saw a 26 percent increase in usage between 2009, the year before medical marijuana was introduced, and 2012.
Maloy compared frontiers in the marijuana industry to those of the tobacco industry, seatbelt use and helmet safety on the mountain. Once the novelty wears off, he hopes young people will say “No” to cannabis quicker than they did to tobacco.
“Tobacco use is significantly down,” Maloy said. “I think, over time, we have somewhat won the battle about sharing and having people understand the health and safety issues associated with tobacco, and we’re probably going to have to take the same course with marijuana.”
Start a dialogue, stay on topic and be civil.
If you don't follow the rules, your comment may be deleted.
The Bell and Gemmell tannery remains a mystery at this stage. I know roughly where it was: along the Whau River shoreline, between the railway line and bridge (north of Olympic Park) and the Whau Bridge at Great North Road. This was all land owned by John Buchanan, one of the early elders of the Avondale Presbyterian Church and an agent for the first landowner, John Shedden Adam. But, with Bell (a member of the Whau Public Hall Committee and auditor for the Highway District Board) and Gemmell either working for Buchanan or leasing the property for the tannery from him, details are sketchy. There is, however, a likely archaeological site worth investigating along that stretch of the river, if anyone cared to give it a go.
The tannery appears to have been operating as early as 1878. In November 1879, the firm won a first prize at the Auckland Agricultural & Pastoral Show for "sole leather, sides, kip, butts, tweed, calfskins, memel kip, belting, hose leather, black and brown harness and bag leather." That's quite a range of product. All else that is known comes from a scattering of contemporary sources.
Herald, 1882: "On part of Mr. Buchanan’s estate, at the head of the Whau Creek, is the fellmongery and tanning establishment of Messrs. Bell and Gemmell, who, from small beginnings, have now succeeded in acquiring a business which is as large as their plant can overtake. They are now making additions to buildings and machinery with a view to an extension of their trade. Out of the 16 acres available they are about to plant a considerable breadth in wattle, so as to produce their own wattle bark at first hand, and save expense of importation."
Weekly News, 1883: "The Riversdale tannery and fellmongery (formerly Messrs. Bell and Gemmell's), recently converted into a company concern, has been enlarged, fresh pits put down, and additional machinery added of an improved description. Adjacent, some ten acres of land have been planted with black wattle for tanning purposes. This factory, and the older established one of Messrs Gittos and Sons, near the railway station, are now turning out large quantities of manufactured leather for local use and the interprovincial trade."
Herald, 2 February 1884 (11 days before the auction of the property in the above image): "The Riversdale Tannery, situate on Mr. Buchanan’s estate farther westward, has been enlarged, and the machinery improved by the Riversdale Tannery Company. This factory is still on the fringe of the settled sections of the district, but if the Auckland suburban population pushes westward at the pace it has done of late years, it is only a question of time when the above institution will also be requested to “move on”."
From Parliamentary reports, AJHR, H-14, 1884:
T. Thompson prepared a report for the Premier, including an extract from Auckland merchants Potter & Co, regarding "The Cultivation of the Wattle".
"I enclose copies of some information re wattle-growing in Victoria, also the result obtained from a tree cut down by Mr. Bell, manager of the Riversdale Manufacturing Company, Avondale, Auckland. I may mention that this company have 10 acres planted with wattle. The trees have been planted three years, and are now 12ft. high. Other 30 acres were planted last year, and are doing well ..." Memoranda from Mr. Bell, Avondale. "I cut down one of the wattle trees growing by itself on the Riversdale property, stripped and dried the bark, and it weighed when dry 56lb. This would give about 90 tons per acre for four or five years' growth. The tree I cut down would be four years old."
By 1885, however, it appears that the firm had vanished from Avondale's landscape. Perhaps Buchanan pulled the plug in selling his "Avondale Estate" in February 1884. Perhaps the Long Depression began to bite, and the removal of the Gittos Tannery in 1886 convinced the firm to pack up and leave the area themselves. I'm just not sure -- but if anyone reading this sees any further references to them or to the tannery, I'd appreciate the info.
An update (31 October 2008): On reading through some notes and articles I have on the Gittos tannery in Avondale, I saw that both a Mr. Bell and "R. Gemmell" were around in the Whau village in the late 1860s, associated with the Whau Minstrels, which took in most of its members from the Gittos tannery. Slender stuff, but Bell & Gemmell, like Elijah Astley, may have learned the skills of the leather trade while working at Gittos', and then branched out with Buchanan's assistance.
Further update (5 November) here.
By Rob Taylor
I lived in a village of townhouses, each separate with four bedrooms, one or two bathrooms, a kitchen and a living room. Depending on where you were in the village, you could have anywhere from four-six people living in your house. You might also have a single room or a double room. Chances were if you were a student in first or second year, you'd be sharing a room.
I found out that the set-up at my school was unusual when I went to visit my friends who were attending other schools. Most often they lived in dormitory-style residences. On each floor of a large building, about 15-20 students would share a living area with a television and a small kitchen and a group bathroom with shower stalls. The kitchen didn't need to be large, as the students were required to buy into a meal plan from the cafeteria.
In my residence, there were no meal plans. So that meant that while my friends had to dish out about $3,000 more up front for a meal plan, that was money I got to hold on to until I actually bought my food. The drawback was that at the end of the year I had to make choices between a haircut and food. Look through your parent's pictures of when they were in school. Look how big their hair is. I bet most students have to make those kinds of decisions.
On many occasions I had some of my friends over to study at my house because it was conveniently located on campus. I cooked them dinner on the condition that they do dishes after. They all still lived at home and drove to school every day. To my amazement, one of them had never done dishes before and I had to show him how to wash, rinse and dry. These skills, simple housekeeping, shopping, budgeting and cleaning, were things I picked up because I was living in residence. And if I didn't get it right away, so what? I was living with four other guys who were learning too.
For stuff that we couldn't figure out on our own, we had dons to help us. The dons were upper-year students who lived in residence as well. Primarily they were there to deal with problems that arose after the residence staff left for the day. They had keys to all the houses and the residence offices in case someone lost theirs. They had first aid training in case of medical emergencies and they had some couselling training to help students deal with the inevitable conflicts that come from young people living together. If you had a problem, whether it was with school or with someone you lived with, you could go and see your don. If they couldn't help you, they could point you in the direction of someone who could.
In compensation for the duties the dons performed, they got free rooms on residence for the year, plus training and experience that would help them later on in their lives.
There are lots of other good things about living in residence, but for the sake of brevity, I'll just mention two more.
The first was the proximity of my home to the school. If I had a 9 a.m. class, I could roll out of bed at 8:30 and be in my seat, showered, combed and with a tea in hand, by 8:55. If I went drinking at the campus pub, I didn't have to worry about getting home safe. I was home. If I needed a change of location for studying, I had a whole school to hide in. If I got a bunch of books home for an essay and realized I had forgotten a key volume, I could just walk back and pick it up from the library (as long as it was before midnight). And last, but not least, if we ran out of toilet paper, there was a whole school full of well-stocked bathrooms to choose from. This may not seem important to you now, but it will. Trust me.
The second good thing about residence is that something is always going on in residence.
One afternoon during my last spring in school, I was making the usual five-minute walk from school to home through the residence village. People were sitting on picnic tables in front of their homes, playing guitar, talking, studying and relaxing. And because we were neighbours and had been for a whole year, we all knew each other. I didn't get home for two hours because I stopped at one house, talked to some people and then went to the next house.
That's what I miss most about living in residence, I think. Sometimes, when I'm walking through the corridors of my apartment building, I think about just opening a door at random, like I would have on campus, and walking in and sitting down. Maybe the people inside would be happy to see me. Maybe they'd talk to me about Third World debt, or the price, both economically and morally, of an oil-based economy, or how close the 1997 XF11 asteroid will come to hitting the earth.
Or maybe they'll stare at me blankly.
Or maybe they'll have a really, really big dog..
Like most things since M arrived, she has now hijacked my purse and made it her own. For the first year, I carried a diaper bag full of so many unnecessary baby items. Then, as she got older, and my shoulder started screaming at me every time I slung that huge bag on, I transitioned to carrying her stuff in my purse. Along with my typical wallet,
M camera iPhone and crumpled pile of receipts, I’ve accumulated an arsenal of toddler items to make our time outside of the house easier. What do you carry for your kids? I’m so curious!
- Snacks. Always Always filled with small ‘nummies’. The most important item for making it through any shopping trip with my girl.
- Honest Diapers. We’ve used these since she was born and I think I might actually be sad to see these cute patterns go once potty training commences.
- Grocery Bag. Environmentally friendly. Do it!
- Water. Gotta’ wash those snacks down somehow.
- Lip Balm. You would think this is for me. Nope. This is for M to rub not only on her lips but all over her face. She’s minty fresh people.
- Hair Ties. Have to tame that mane! These are the ONLY hair ties that M doesn’t immediately yell ‘ouch ouch’ and rip out.
- Sunglasses. In excess. Apparently, we each need about 3 pairs at all times.
- Travel Size Honest Wipes. For months, I carried around the full size bag of wipes only to need a few. This travel size is amazing! 10 wipes is just enough.
- Antibacterial Spray. After a few bouts with some unnecessary sicknesses, I’m now that mom with the hand spray.
- Travel Bib. Meals on the go are messy. Next to the snack cup, I probably use this the most.
- Bright Lipstick. Nope, not for M. This is to trick people into thinking I had time to properly put on makeup today.
Enjoy! Melissa
Advertisements
My purse literally looks exactly like that! Just add the damn blanket, the favorite toy of the moment (currently 3 monkeys and Daisy Duck) and goldfish crumbs smashed at the bottom!
Speaking in foreign languages to amuse myself, lounging about in a desperate and exhausted manner, declaring every possible amusement as passé...Pardon me while I get over myself...
I made $300 this week by selling things on Ebay.
What's my secret, you ask? I'll tell you. It's twofold, really:
Step 1 -- Waste your money on a lot of things that you don't really need.
Step 2 -- A year later, sell those things on Ebay.
Technically, it's really only $250. I'm taking a $50 dollar hit because I grossly underestimated the amount of money it would cost to dry-clean a bridesmaid's dress. Plus, the bastards at UPS charged me $10 just to pack the damn dress up.
'That's a lot of cursing for a Saturday afternoon, Rebekah.'
'I'm sorry, I can't help myself.'
'Yes, you can.'
'Yes, I can. But I choose not to.'
I was going to buy the supplies and pack it myself, but they informed me that it's against their policy for people to pack things in the store. Fascists.
I wash my hands of it. What's done is done.
Moving on...
Today I'm going to find more things in my room that I can sell on Ebay. Then I'm going to rework my resume for the umpteenth time and have another go at my cover letter. I'll also be drinking a lot of Gatorade to combat dehydration, and I may call my nieces and nephew to have the privilege of talking to their answering machine (hint, hint, mummy).
E cosa stai facendo oggi?
3 comments:
I like selling things on ebay too. It's like a giant virtual flee market and I can be the confident haggling salesperson I imagine myself to be...anonymously, of course.
I hope to someday not be afraid of EBay. And curse in a whisper, so you sweet mother doesn't hear you.
I need to have an ebay day to make some money and to clear out a lot of miscellaneous stuff in my studio, thanks for the inspiration!
Will you be treating yourself to anything in particular with the money?
Now, barstools counter stools on sale ivory swivel are ordinary at your dwelling. This chair and ottoman have an increasing number of works, maybe not as being a place for toes, but in addition as an area to sit, coffee table, cocktail table, a table at the corner of this area, in addition to a place to store your goods. Only create with simple substances of wood, plywood, or light iron as a basic frame, visit references to various Ottoman types at numerous websites or home decor publications. Even the ottoman form isn’t just within the shape of the box, but round or oval can be an choice. Being a coating fabric, you need to make use of an assortment of patterned cloths to preference ranging from leather, settee upholstery, or switch work blankets or bed sheets with the exceptional or vintage design as decoration. You are able to also put in a experience of your leather counter chairs with tassel straps at every end throughout ingenuity.
Secondly, the leather counter stools with nailheads needs to take agreement with top. After setting the dimensions of this chair fits you personally, what to do this will be to see if the chair you decide on is in agreement with your height. Thus, stand up and also check out your chair pillow, whether it is right in your own knee. If this is so, be certain the chair can still be raised or left reduced. Third, pick barstools counter stools on sale ivory swivel with a sloping seat. See the seat holder that you could utilize. The ideal office chair is just a chair which has a sloping sitting pillow instead of flat. To help make the place of one’s spine good, you need to set the tilt of the posture to approximately 2030 levels. In the event the seat may not be corrected to the slope of the bearing, you may use additional straps to the rear (seat rear ) to ensure it is milder.
barstools counter stools on sale ivory swivel is really a kind of chair that highlights function and simplicity. It has no sides and arm rest, and that means you can access the sitting position in 180 degrees in front of this backrest. Even the backrest and height of this chair are designed so you may lay the chair for a decent quantity of timeperiod. The chair is produced from a recyclable substance which is a fiber glass reinforced with Nylon. The total look of this chair is slick because the material is molded into one piece so that which is connected from the major aid, backrest, and also the legs. This leather counter stools is quite light using a burden approximately 3.9pounds. Additionally, it resists to UV lights and flame retardant.
Thenthe 2nd tips for choosing leather counter stools swivel is all about the comfort Factor of this chair. We all buy the barstools counter stools on sale ivory swivel as you would like to enjoy the relaxation. Is that right? So, pick the type or type of Windsor chair which you imagine is most comfortable to utilize. This factor is quite crucial as it is very closely about the relaxation of their body and thoughts if employing the Windsor chair itself. The features of a rocking chair may also be called comfortable, for example a comfortable and wide enough chair holder, that the armrest isn’t too much from the range, and the seat back is comfortable if worn out.
If you want barstools counter stools on sale ivory swivel that do not merely possess a special layout but in addition provide another attribute to make the most of its own function, perhaps the cool chair style and design in Massachusetts park may be utilised as an inspiration. Not only may it serve like a seat, however these leather counter stools with nailheads also have a curved’roof’ above it which allows you to take shelter from heat or raingutters. As though insufficient, the chairs have a lamp which can be changed at nighttime. With an innovative design so many capabilities, this type of chair would have been a favorite location to unwind after a very long tiring day.
The material for earning exactly the chair also has to be considered. The barstools counter stools on sale ivory swivel is not merely to function but also comfort. The usual substances which is often utilized are leather, vinyl, and cloth. Each has unique specification thus people want to make a comparison to locate the right option for them. Obviously, people must not forget about the lumbar support offered by the chair. There was no way that they could locate the leather counter chairs without having proper support into the straight back particularly the lower part. Other aspects might be considerable as well these as cushioning, swing, armrest, etc..
If you own a shore home or even a villa near shores or hills or jungle, absolutely your residence is not complete without a set of barstools counter stools on sale ivory swivel. Now, a lot of people atleast have one or two shore homes or villa near the jungle or mountain as a getaway house. Whenever you would like to keep away from the audience or by your hectic activities, these houses are exactly what you want to get, correct? Then, what exactly is the connection between home and beach home or vacation home? The answer lays on the plan of your home. Beach front or holiday houses are intended for an comfort, so the design of these furnishings, especially chairs, are very important. You may employ a wooden or plastic chair to the main house-but on your escape household, you can want to use a leather counter stools swivel. Utilizing a lightweight kind of furniture can actually provide an alternative vibe on your getaway property. You aren’t going to feel your home is full and stuffy. As an alternative, you will think your residence is so clean and light.
This BarStools Counter Stools ON SALE Ivory Swivel the gallery form Leather Counter Chairs. Hopefully you can find the best inspiration from our gallery here.
By Lynette Nyman, Red Cross Staff, Twin Cities Area Chapter, October 22, 2010
Everyone would rather be comfortable, cozy and warm in their own beds at night, but when there’s a fire people have to get out and sometimes stay out for days.
When a fire disaster hit the Whittier Co-op apartment building in Minneapolis on October 20, fire responders went across the street to see if a church could provide a safe place for displaced residents.
Walking out the Calvary Church door on Blaisdell Avenue was Matt Gresham, 45, who had just finished choir practice.
Normally he maintains the church building built more than 100 years ago.
“If this wasn’t here, I don’t know where these folks would go,” says Gresham.
Gresham and other church members invited people inside, giving them blankets and hot beverages. The church opened its doors to the Red Cross as well.
Around 20 people have stayed at the shelter since the blaze. Among them is Sharon Madigan, 62.
“I thought this fire was another false alarm,” says Madigan. “My brother, who lives one floor down from me, called and told me to get out. Outside, I looked up and saw the roof on fire.”
The church people, Madigan, says came to them and told everyone to come inside for hot coffee and to wait for the Red Cross, which was on its way.
Madigan, who has lived in the Whittier Co-op building for more than 30 years, says that she was able to return home and gather a few personal belongings. She says that her second night sleeping on a cot will be better than the first.
“I’ll be used to it,” says Madigan. “I have a roof over my head and I feel secure. I’m thankful for everything. It feels as if the Red Cross is doing everything for us.”
The Red Cross does a lot, but not everything. It depends on local communities to help during disasters, such as this building fire affecting more than 90 people.
Gresham, the man who opened the church doors after all, says that they’ll stay open as long as the displaced families need a place to be warm and safe.
Lost and Found, Part Four is the ninth issue of the Angel & Faith Season Ten comic book series. Joss Whedon is the executive producer.
Synopsis
Clearly in a magical mire with Amy the Rat, Angel brings in backup to shut down the witch and save Magic Town . . . Faith is reunited with Riley in a brawl with the tribal vampires—staking, dusting, and feeling awkward!
Continuity
- Angel mentions the consequences of resurrecting Giles in "What You Want, Not What You Need, Part One".
- Riley mentions the episode "Who Are You", where Faith took over Buffy's body.
Appearances
Individuals
- Angel
- Faith Lehane
- Amy Madison
- Riley Finn
- Samantha Finn
- Reese Zane
- Mai
- Perry
- Brandt
- Walt Zane
- Buffy Summers (Only mentioned)
- Corky (Only mentioned)
- Nadira (Only mentioned)
- Rupert Giles (Only mentioned)
- Warren Mears (Only mentioned)
- Willow Rosenberg (Only mentioned)
Organization and Titles
Species
Events
Locations
- Magic Town, London
- Suriname, South America
Weapons and Objects
Death Count
Behind the Scenes
Collections
Pop Culture References
- Faith mentions the meeting between Sam and Riley Finn as a Hallmark Moment. A Hallmark Moment is when you have a moment that would be perfect on a card. Hallmark is a US tv channel that specializes in series and movies that are appropriate for the whole family. [1]
- Faith compares the jungle scenery to Temple of Doom. This is a reference to Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom (1984).
- Angel mentions Smörgåsbord, a type of Scandinavian meal, originating in Sweden, served buffet-style with multiple hot and cold dishes of various foods on a table. [2]
Lessons in Leveraging Vine From 5 Successful Brands
With more than 40 million users, Vine is a pool of great opportunity for brand growth and development. Launched in 2012, the app that enables users to create and post six-second looping videos has seen an evolution in the way its users create and share content., because you have an way for some inspiration on creating micro-videos that capture the attention of your audience.
Tribeca Film Festival: Contests
Shortly after Twitter acquired the app, Tribeca Film Festival partnered with Vine to launch a #6SecFilms competition. They held an open call for anyone to enter a six-second film in the categories of #GENRE, #DRAMA, #COMEDY or #ANIMATION. The turnout was so great that they have done it a second year.
Related: The One Reason Vine Isn't as Great as it Could Be
Launching a Vine contest is a smart strategy, because it places emphasis on user-generated content. In turn, this creates a direct relationship between brand and consumer because getting fans involved in contests pushes them to connect and identify with your brand. Depending on the contest, this may also work to crowdsource feedback and reception of your brand.
General Electric: Corporate Campaigns
If you’re a big brand like GE, with a laundry list of products, you have to position yourself in a relevant light. GE accomplishes this by humanizing an otherwise faceless brand. Through a number of corporate campaigns (#springbreakit, #GEDEsignQuest, #GravityDay), GE uses visuals, color, depth and motion to make science fun! This strategy helps illustrate company culture and makes it easier for consumers to connect with larger companies.
Besides animation and behind-the-scene views of your company, playing with sound is something that can help give your Vine some life. Sound is often forgotten in Vines, because the app mutes the video by default, which is a shame. Together, both visual and sound can produce a powerful video that can leave a lasting impression on your audience.
Related: 6 Reasons Why Vine and Instagram Videos Are Great for Your Business
Whether you utilize voiceovers, sound effects and music loops, among other features, take advantage of all the available resources.
Nissan: Product Highlights
Before the release of the new Nissan Versa, the automaker launched a contest asking followers to submit a Vine with a paper cut out of the car for a chance to be featured in the commercial. Nissan pushed out a series of Vines informing its audience the many ways to enter, giving inspiration for user-submitted Vines and an array of feature highlights of the car.
Although this campaign used a contest as its strategy, the underlying purpose was to promote the new product. Not only was this successful because it got people to talk about the brand, but it directly injected the product into the Vines without having it seem like a forced placement. The focus was placed on the story with the product.
When you embark on your next Vine campaign to highlight a specific product or feature, keep in mind that your audience wants to be spoken with and not spoken at.
USA Today: Narrative
All best Vines have a great story to tell, no matter how simple or complex the concept. It’s true, you shouldn’t overload a video with too much information -- leaving the viewer overwhelmed. However, it’s the way in which the story is communicated and constructed that determines its success. If you have a complex topic, choose one or two focal points to construct your story around instead of addressing everything. Focus on the necessary and captivating, forget the rest. A common practice for weaving a story together with Vine is through stop-motion.
Related: Why Video for Instagram Isn't a Vine Killer
USA TODAY’s Vine account is a great example of how Vines can serve as teaser to a larger piece of content. Enticing viewers to engage and share (especially with relevant hashtags), your brand becomes a part of a larger conversation and comes across as innovative in a space that tends to focus on one medium.
Lowe’s: DIY and Useful Information
Lowe’s does a very good job of providing its audience with invaluable everyday hacks through its Vine. Its “fix-in-six” series features home improvement tips, while also incorporating brand marketing. The marriage between brand promotion and useful information is something of an art -- too much and it screams commercial, too little and your brand doesn’t even get noticed.
To find the right balance, you have to really know your brand and how its services are beneficial to the everyday consumer. Find your niche and ask yourself how the consumer can take it a step further and engage with your product in an intuitive, yet inventive way.
It’s easy to capture six seconds of anything, but it’s imperative to keep in mind that your story and messaging determines your reception and shareability. Whether you’re capturing a moment from an event or promoting a recent product release, it’s all about the creative delivery.
Related: 3 People to Follow on Vine for Branding Ideas
Is Lip Gloss make From Whale Sperm?A lot of people believe that whale sperm is offered to do lip gloss however the fact is that it is a full myth. Over there is a opportunity that this ofradiation or confusion came from words ‘sperm’ supplied in the sperm whale. In previously times, a component of this kind of whale was offered in some cosmetics. But it was no sperm. It was something that come from its head and looked favor semen. Contemporary lip gloss or lip balm consists of no assets from any kind of whale. Lip balm products accessible today differ a many in what they room made of. Part contain herbal ingredients if others are made of fabricated ones. The truth is the no whale sperm or any whale product is provided to make lip balm. No sperm of any other creature is used. A waxy substance uncovered in the sperm whale intestines was supplied to do perfumes in the past. This myth has actually originated indigenous this fact.
What Is Lip Gloss do Off?Like many other cosmetic products, lip gloss varies to a an excellent extent as soon as it comes to its composition. However, there are some main materials used in every type of lip gloss. One of the most common ingredients is emollients. They room oils responsible for the wet, slick texture and also shine lip gloss has. These oils deserve to be either natural like jojoba oil, coconut oil, and also vitamin E for natural and also organic assets or synthetic. They have the right to vary follow to the top quality of the product.
You are watching: What is carmex made of whale sperm
Another an essential component in lip gloss is thickeners. This component is responsible because that the attribute that provides lip gloss different from lipstick. Lip colors are made of wax rather than oils making them much less slippery and firm. Thickeners like clays and also waxes, herbal or synthetic, store the product on lips and also prevent falling. A lipstick usually has a higher staying power than lip gloss as result of its composition. However, a high-quality lip gloss has a quite balance that wax and oil that allows it to stay during the course of a conference or party. Apart indigenous these major ingredients, lip gloss also contains coloring agents. Friend can discover a wide variety of shaded lip gloss that use either natural materials like fruit extracts or chemical dyes to get the required tint. Glittery lip gloss commodities even depend on ingredients choose mica and also iron oxide. There are many other ingredient that differ from one product to another. For example, UV commodities include sunscreen while flavored lip gloss uses sweeteners. A number of other ingredients favor paraben-based preservatives are also included to lip gloss to help them continue to be fresh for longer.
Clear Lip Gloss IngredientsA straightforward clear lip gloss is made of petroleum or petrol byproducts. Natural options like beeswax or coconut oil can additionally be used. Those who prefer bee-free alternatives can pick products make of carnauba wax and candelilla wax. A carrier oil prefer sunflower or almond oil is additionally used. They also include hydrating ingredients like cocoa butter, shea butter, and also mango butter. Clear lip gloss likewise uses FDA-approved dyes and also mica pigments. Vital oils deserve to be supplied to offer them flavor. That can include lemon, lavender, orange, peppermint, cinnamon or grapefruit. A many lip gloss products also include vitamin E and also glitter. A clear lip gloss consists of a smaller amount that lip gloss basic to keep the consistency medium. This type of lip gloss gives a shining appearance many users desire.
Glossier Lip Gloss IngredientsGlossier lip gloss has a special consistency and also looks smoother than a clear one. The main ingredient supplied in the formulation the this product is a mixture that emollients to provide a high-shine finish. Natural options can be made making use of Vaseline or petroleum jelly. Then, the basic oil is added to the formulation to offer a glossy and lush result to the lip gloss. Each of the base oils has its own valuable properties. A natural option is castor oil that can be supplied with a mix of others. Jojoba oil, glycerine, coconut oil, sesame particle oil, olive oil, and sweet almond oil are supplied for conditioning. Glossier lip gloss additionally contains vitamin E because that nourishment. For tint, essential food color, lipstick scrapings, or mica powder is used. A the majority of other ingredient are provided for flavor and also aroma. The consistency that a lip gloss depends on the ratio of ingredients. A larger amount of lip gloss base gives a more thick consistency to make a glossier lip gloss for a healthier lip appearance.
Broadway Vita-Lip clear Lip Gloss 0.47oz/14ml (5PCS Mint & Coconut & Rosehip & Mango Butter & Argan Oil) (5 computers SET)
See more: Distance From White Sands To Albuquerque, Nm, Albuquerque To White Sands National Park
5 pack Of Lip Gloss that Heals and Protects her LipsCoconut oil – Hydrate lips.. Argan oil - Moisturizes Lips, Heals & Protects Lips,...Mango Butter - Hydrates lips, softens Lips, includes Many MineralsRosehip oil – Reduces well lines ~ above lips. Mint oil – Cooling effectWill have your lips looking amazing in no time
Jonathan Gold writes this week about Palsaik Samgyeopsal, a place that extols the healthful virtues of pork belly, of which I am certain there are close to none except for the psychological (those who love to consume the stuff are inexorably more delightful and pleased with life as a result). Gold makes such a point at the end of his excellent post. He also points out the greater movement of pork belly in the Koreatown, which is as true a statement as ever. Here are some places that I've found where you can get some excellent pork belly in all of its various Korean forms.
O Dae San
The all-you-can-eat emporium that spans two levels and revels in the overuse of granite stone features some of the best pork belly around, mostly because of the western-type spices and herbs. From what I can tell, there's a few dried herbs and even whole peppercorns in their marinade that's not too sweet, which means you don't get too much burnt leftovers on the grill. The thick-cut slices are what makes the lunch-time and lowest-level dinners here a great deal. I usually employ my buddy Frank for his expert grilling ability. The true samgyeopsal lover knows exactly when to take the belly off the grill, yielding a nicely crisped outside but an inside that's got a bit of chew. I like to employ Harold McGee's method of continually flipping the thick belly so that you get the ideal texture, but I think Frank's innate Koreanness allows him to have that sixth sense about when to take it off the grill.
Jun Won
Koobawoo might have the most celebrated bossam in town, but Jun Won's might be a hair better if only for the massive quantity that you get for the price. If you include oysters, it amounts to around $28 for a platter of bossam that could easily feed three (along with the included banchan). As part of a meal, it'd be a nice thing to share between four. The tender texture, rich pork belly, and crisp vege along with the perfect moo saeng chae and a smatter of fermented shrimp paste. But what might be better than the bossam (and what I talked about in my review), is the platter of pan-fried spicy pork belly with kimchi, a true comfort food that works perfectly with the country-style rice that comes with various grains and legumes. A true transport to a rural cottage restaurant in Korea.
Honey Pig and Don Dae Gam
Both Honey Pig and Don Dae Gam are pork-centric Korean barbeque houses, something that you're much more likely to see in Korea versus the beef-centric barbeque houses that scatter Koreatown. In Korea, the beef barbeque restaurants tend to be high end, like Ruth's Chris or Morton's, with more staid ambiances and traditional service. The street-level barbeque places mostly serve pork in all its various cuts, along with a staggering number of cheap bottles of soju. In a way, you might place blame the social degradation in Korea on pork and soju, with barbeque houses the traditional starting point of the cultural hwae-shik, a pormanteau of the words for "work" and "eat" (hwae-sah and shik-sah). Basically a bunch of office mates, including the boss, goes out, eats a bunch, and gets plastered. It's not a pretty sight in the latter hours of the night, but early on its very festive and fun. Honey Pig might fit this bill a little better as Don Dae Gam feels slightly family-oriented in comparison. I go for the ddong-dwae-ji at Honey Pig, which literally means "poop" or "shit" pig because it refers to those lovely animals who dwell underneath the outhouses in Jeju Island. Of course that's not really what you get here...I'm not actually sure what you get, but when they give that label, you're generally in for a fatty, more delicious pork belly than that standard-issue stuff. Then again, douse it all in some grilled kimchi and it doesn't matter anyway.
Dwit Gol Mok and Dan Sung Sa
No Korean pub is complete without tubu kimchi, the simple anju stir-fry of spicy pork belly and kimchi with large cubes of fresh, firm tofu. Honestly, this dish isn't spectacular or inventive. It's probably a dish some cook whipped up with available ingredients in the pantry. I think everyone who drinks beer or soju or anything has that moment when they're like, "I think I might have drunk too much too quickly..." and they need something to help bring them back to earth, something to stabilize their mind and stomach, at least to the point where they're not going to...cause any problems. You want something that's got heft, but not anything too greasy. You also want something tasty because heck, everything sounds delicious at that moment. Well that's tubu kimchi - a dish that's satisfying and simple, and those cubes of tofu help you sober up slightly.
O Dae San
2889 W Olympic Blvd
Los Angeles, CA 90006
(213) 383-9800
Jun Won
3100 W 8th St
Los Angeles, CA 90005
(213) 383-8855
Honey Pig
3400 W 8th St
Los Angeles, CA 90005
(213) 380-0256
Don Dae Gam
1145 S Western Ave
Los Angeles, CA 90006
(323) 373-0700
Dwit Gol Mok
3275 Wilshire Blvd
Los Angeles, CA 90010
(213) 382-8432
Dan Sung Sa
3317 W 6th St
Los Angeles, CA 90020
(213) 487-9100
3 comments:
nice round up!!! my parents think i got fat from eating too much pork belly when i was a kid. that said, i'm going to hit every single one of those places when i'm off this cleanse.
Great! Was one of these that pub we went to that one time? I think I recall a pork belly dish.
Jin: DO IT. Pork belly rules. Ssam gyup sal, that is.
Bill: yeah that was DGM (Dwit Gol Mok). They have bossam there that's just pretty good, but definitely not bad considering the price you'd pay at happy hour.
Ahmed Naguy1* and Ali Al Tajali2
1Child and Adolescent Psychiatrist, Kuwait Centre for Mental Health (KCMH), Shuwaikh, State of Kuwait
2General Adult Psychiatrist, Head of Neuromodulation Unit, Kuwait Centre for Mental Health (KCMH), Shuwaikh, State of Kuwait
Received: June 21, 2015; Accepted: July 20, 2015; Published: July 27, 2015
Citation: Naguy N, Tajali AA (2015) ?Mirtazapine-Galantamine Combo? Tackles Behavioral Facets in Autism. Autism Open Access 5:145. doi:10.4172/2165-7890.1000145
Copyright: © 2015 Naguy A, et al. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Visit for more related articles at Autism-Open Access
Autism; Challenging; Behaviors; Mirtazapine; Galantamine
Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD) are associated with a host of challenging behaviors that constitute a focus of clinical attention and a target for psychopharmacologic interventions [1]. Only Risperidone and Aripiprazole are FDA-approved to address these behavioral facets once psychological and educational approaches (e.g. Applied Behavioral Analysis, Sensory Integration) are ineffective, inaccessible, or, unaffordable [2]. Moreover, no single drug is currently approved to alter core symptoms of ASD. These behaviors include, inter alia, ADHD-like symptoms, tics and stereotypies, auto- and hetero-aggression, irritability and mood and anxiety symptoms, disturbed eating and sleeping patterns, and sexually-inappropriate behaviors [1].
Unfortunately, the use of these atypical antipsychotics is fraught with a multitude of cardio-metabolic and neurologic syndromes [3]. This calls for novel psychotropic agents that are both effective and tolerable.
Mirtazapine is atypical antidepressant with unique mechanism of action, namely; Noradrenergic-Specific Serotonergic Antidepressant (NaSSA); blocking α2 auto&hetero-receptors, thus increasing norepinephrine, also blocking 5HT2&3 receptors, as well as H1 receptors.
Galantamine is anti-dementia specific acetylcholinestrase inhibitor (AchE-i) and allosteric ligand at nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nAchR).
Here, we are reporting on a case of an adolescent with ASD, where ‘Mirtazapine-Galantamine cocktail’ brought about a significant improvement in the behavioral domains and strikingly, hit some of the core social features. This was achieved with great tolerability.
A 14-year-old Kuwaiti youngster, eldest of five sibs, a product of elective Caesarean Section, emanating from a consanguineous monogamous family, attending special schooling, long diagnosed as ASD/ID (Intellectual Disability)/Epilepsy, maintained on Valproate for seizure control, was escorted by his parents for escalating behavioral dyscontrol, notably irritability, aggression, hyperactivity, fitful sleep and socially flouting over sexualized behaviors. Medical and environmental causation of this behavioral decompensation were meticulously ruled out. He couldn’t tolerate a trial on Risperidone where he developed recurrent torticollis and oculogyric crisis. He failed a 6-week trial on 15 mg/d Aripiprazole. Clonidine was also tried at 300 µg/d but prematurely aborted for severe hypotension (80/50) and symptomatic bradycardia (50/min). Atomoxetine, for hyperactivity was instituted, uptitrated to 40 mg/d over 8 weeks, but, without clinically meaningful response. Ecitalopram at 10 mg/d, for 4 weeks, was introduced for aggression, but to no avail. We suggested a trial with Mirtazapine as data from the literature support its use for sexually-inappropriate behaviors in ASD, and also to help with sleep and irritability. We went to 45 mg/d over 4 weeks. Sleep improved markedly, irritability diminished significantly and most importantly, sexual behaviors were greatly tamed. Both frequency and severity of aggression became obviously less. This was well-sustained at follow-ups W-6, 8, and 12. We, then, opined to embark on a trial of Galantamine, as burgeoning evidence from literature favors its use for both core and behavioral symptom sets of ASD. We dosed it at 8 mg/d for 4 weeks, then up to 16 mg/d (in 2 divided doses). Strikingly, hyperactivity noticeably decreased, but, most importantly, better eye contact, vocalizations, gestures and social relatedness were observed. This was plateaued at follow-ups W-6, 8, and 12. No pharmacokinetic drug interactions reported with this combination. No side effects, of significance, were noted. These findings were objectified on Aberrant Behavior Checklist (ABCL) and Krug’s Autism Behavior Checklist (ABC). Medications Chart is portrayed in table (1).
Table 1: Medication Chart.
These promising results concords with those demonstrated in a naturalistic open-label study of mirtazapine in ASD where almost a third of subjects showed improvement across different domains including aggression, self-injury, irritability, hyperactivity, anxiety, depression, and, insomnia [4].
Anti-libidinal properties of mirtazapine helped sexually-inappropriate behaviors in ASD [5-6].
Cholinergic stimulation of central serotonergic subsystem with galantamine may enhance language and communication in autistic adults as shown in three cases [7]. A prospective open-label trial of galantamine in ASD showed it was well-tolerated and beneficial for interfering behaviors, particularly aggression, behavioral dyscontrol and inattention [8]. Recently, an RCT showed galantamine was effective and safe augmentative strategy for alleviating some of autism-related symptoms [9].
Such data accrue to open new venues of psychopharmacologic interventions in ASD that are both effective and well-tolerated.
Authors declare no conflicts of interests or financial affiliations with psychopharmaceutical companies or industry-sponsored research.
Sustainability
METRO SUSTAINABLE
Our society faces unprecedented economic, environmental, social and cultural challenges. We are convinced that sustainability is the key to transforming these challenges into opportunities.
As a partner to independent business owners along the entire value chain, we do more for business-passionate people – in a responsible way. This reflects the core of our business and our sustainability approach METRO SUSTAINABLE.
Since our focus is on the food sector, this means improving our ‘foodprint’ while minimising our footprint. In concrete terms, this means: We strive to positively impact the availability, consistency, health and social and environmental safety of food, prevent food waste and make our product and service offerings more sustainable overall, as well as to provide efficient solutions to simplify our customers’ business activities. At the same time, we want to minimise our environmental and social footprint by responsibly managing people and resources and creating a positive impact on society overall.
It is our vision to make retail more sustainable along the value chain in our work with small and medium-sized independent suppliers and customers and in contact with consumers. By reconciling our needs and goals with the needs of nature, people and future generations, we can act responsibly, remain successful in the long term and overcome the conventional limits of growth. Through information, inspiration, motivation and support of our employees, customers and partners, this visionary approach has the potential to reach millions of people.
The guiding principles for us are the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). These goals also form the global action framework for our corporate strategy, which is shaped by the principle of sustainability. Inspired by the SDGs, we have refined our sustainability approach. With our areas of responsibility (Empower) People, (Secure) Planet, (Unfold) Prosperity and (Enhance) Partnerships, we support the SDGs, in particular the goals in which we are most directly involved: 2 (Zero Hunger), 8 (Decent Work and Economic Growth), 12 (Responsible Consumption and Production), 13 (Climate Action) and 17 (Partnerships for the Goals).
Environmental matters
A responsible consumption of energy and other natural resources is crucial for all of us. The use of resources has a direct effect on our operating costs and may entail undesirable environmental implications, such as the emission of climate-damaging greenhouse gases. Our approach is to reduce the climate-relevant emissions caused by our business operations and our consumption of natural resources.1 We do this by focusing on behavioural change (Energy Awareness Programme) and investment aimed at increasing our energy efficiency (Energy Saving Programme). Wherever possible, we are also converting our cooling systems to natural refrigerants (F-Gas Exit Programmes). This reduces our energy requirements as well as our costs. In financial year 2017/18, among other things, we invested €10 million in METRO Wholesale’s Energy Saving Programme, which saves us approximately €2.8 million in energy costs each year.
1 Due to the company size and alignment (management), the aspect of environmental matters is not significant for the holding company, METRO AG.
Climate protection target status
Greenhouse gas emissions in kg CO2 (CO2 equivalent)
per m2 of selling and delivery space
Further key focal issues in relation to sustainable business operations are the prevention of waste, the reuse of resources and their recovery by means of recycling. The reduction of food waste is an issue of particular importance to the operations of METRO. METRO has therefore committed itself to the Resolution on Food Waste by the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) and thus to eliminate 50% of wasted food in our own operations by the year 2025 compared to 2016.
Social matters
Supplier development
In order to offer our customers an assortment that meets their requirements, the availability, condition, quality and sustainability of our products play an important role. We have influence on this through direct contact with our suppliers as producers and manufacturers. By training small and medium-sized suppliers on aspects of food safety, hygiene, processing and implementation of fair working conditions, we enable them to meet relevant standards and thus help them merchandise their goods. This increases their revenue and simultaneously secures our product range.2
2 Due to the business alignment, supplier development is not a significant aspect for the holding company METRO AG.
Respect for human rights
Respect for human rights is one of the fundamental values of the METRO group, as formalised in our ‘Policy for Human Rights’. We pledge to respect all human rights, as set out in the United Nations’ Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work of the International Labour Organization (ILO). This obligation applies to our own employees and to our business partners within our value chain.3
3 For the holding company METRO AG, the aspect of human rights in the supply chain is not essential owing to its business alignment but rather only in relation to its own employees.
Global labour and social standards in the supply chain
We aim to contribute to ensuring socially acceptable working conditions within our sourcing channels. Social standards systems enable us to take effective action against any potential violations. We will therefore require our producers to be audited in accordance with the supply chain management standard set out by the Amfori Business Social Compliance Initiative (Amfori BSCI) or an equivalent standard. This applies to all producers in certain high-risk countries (based on the Amfori BSCI rating) that manufacture imported goods for METRO SOURCING. It also applies to the producers of non-food items for our own-brand products and our own import products. All suppliers producing for us4 must prove at least acceptable audit results by 1 January 2019.
4 This includes merchandise producers (non-food own-brand products and own non-food imports) in high-risk countries that carry out the final significant value-creating production step, for example produce the final item of clothing.
In order to not only ensure the social requirements of our suppliers, but also to contribute to improving them and thereby further increasing the proportion of valid audits, METRO SOURCING works with our local producers and supports them through training courses designed to understand and comply with social standards.
Social audits relating to own imports by METRO SOURCING and non-food own-brand products of the METRO sales lines
as of the closing date of 30/9
- For more information, see the Annual Report 2017/18 at and also the Corporate Responsibility Report 2017/18 at.
Get Involved
Come join EATS and be part of nurturing a generation of healthy eaters with rock-solid lifelong health and wellness habits. We have a variety of programs that are taking off in our schools and we need positive adult role models to help make these programs happen! Share your passion for healthy food, kids, and education by volunteering with EATS for one of the following programs:
Cooking Classes
Do you want to help Park City students take ownership over their healthy food choices? Our highest need for volunteers is at our elementary and middle school cooking classes. Come assist our instructors in providing the most enriching, nutritional, education experience we can offer to Park City youth. As a volunteer at our cooking classes, you’ll get the chance to prepare and eat a nourishing recipe made from scratch with students. No prior cooking experience necessary - just bring yourself and a positive attitude! We’ll provide the aprons, food, and equipment.
School Gardens
Do you believe that students should understand where their food comes from? Studies show that children who grow their own food are more likely to eat fruits and vegetables as an adult. Gardening also helps students learn valuable social and interpersonal skills that translate in and out of the classroom. Our indoor hydroponic systems mean that our garden program runs year round! Come get your hands dirty by volunteering to work at one of our schools' gardens.
Events
Heading to a community event in Park City? Chances are EATS will be there with a table or booth! Volunteer with EATS at community events like Hike4Hunger or film screenings to help spread the word about EATS’ work in the community.
Consult with Us!
EATS relies on a network of professionals in Park City and beyond to help us operate at our best. From nutritionists, professional chefs, event planners, and educators to those who work in the financial services sector. They serve on our board committees - Events, Curriculum, Marketing, Development - or provide general consul on our work. If you are interested in joining a committee or learning more, email meaghan@eatsparkcity.org .
Volunteer with EATS
Warning: Spoilers ahead.
When Edgar Allen Poe authored The Raven, the idea of his iconic phrase “nevermore” becoming the calling card for a serial killer lead cult probably never crossed his mind. And yet, that is exactly the case in the Friday debut of Fox’s new crime drama, The Following. The pilot episode brimmed with a potent concoction of compelling characters and tension-fueled pursuit. Whodunit is a misnomer in this case, as the writers make no bones about the identity of the criminal mastermind. A more accurate descriptor perhaps be “howdunit,” as characters are introduced, disappeared, and turned rogue without fulfilling explanations. As a pilot, “Pilot” provides a good example of how good acting and better writing can bring new viewers in and, with any luck, make them series faithfuls.
Kevin Bacon leads a cast that, in large part, is wisely unknown. His character is Ryan Hardy, a mostly disgraced FBI agent turned true crime author. In a former life, Hardy single-handedly took down the season’s notorious serial killer, Joe Carroll, but now spends most of his time drinking and scowling. When Carroll escapes from prison, the FBI puts Hardy in the famous shoes of Michael Corleone, thinking he was out and being pulled back in as the one man who knows Carroll above all.
We soon discover that Carroll, played by James Purefoy, is more than your average psychopath. He’s the literary type, a college professor and author with an affinity for Edgar Allen Poe. Before his series forming turn, he was happily married. A flashback sequence shows he and his wife laying in loving embrace as she tells him she’s expecting. Not long after we find out that Carroll, perchance, dove a little too deep in the Poe Pool and latched onto the author’s belief that death is the truest form of beauty, specifically that of young women. Being the creative sensitive type, and following the critical failure of his debut novel, he decides to correct things by turning serial murder into his greatest work of art. These murders, he explains to Hardy, make up his great novel, his completion of Poe’s unfinished work. As a result of these extravagances, he’s also a celebrity with dozens of websites and thousands of followers around the world.
It is beautifully meta, this story within a story, and it’s the kind of crazy that drives you to know more. Like the best serials before it – Lost, for example – enjoying The Following comes with a sense of wanting. A wanting to understand; a wanting to know what comes next; a wanting for everyone to get out safely but at the same time not to get out safely. And episode one delivers on that front. Carroll explains the show itself in his final monologue. Hardy is the hero rising. His loss, his failure is the inciting event. Walking away from “Pilot,” there is a palpable expectancy that we’re about to witness the Carroll’s story. Not Hardy’s, not the victim’s, but the killer’s, and just as he wants us to see it.
A number of other characters take stage in support of Bacon and Purefoy. There’s the hard-nosed cop waiting to be won over. The starstruck newbie itching for his hero’s attention. Then there’s Carroll’s wife, and Hardy’s former and inevitable flame, Claire Matthews. Her son also, the cute and kidnapped Kyle, who seems to be the driving force for the season to come. All of these seem like mainstays for future episodes but they lack depth. They fill their purpose in “Pilot” and I could see them becoming interesting as we discover more of their backstories, but for now they’re mostly cardboard cut-outs of what good writing will allow them to become.
Less memorable are the villian’s henchmen and where the hard questions begin. In Carroll’s employ are the nanny, the gay couple next door, and the wanna-be mass murderer CO. Each of these seem to have long-standing relationships with the main characters, but the viewer is left to wonder how Carroll could have manipulated these people and placed them so perfectly from behind bars. “Pilot” explains it away with Carroll hacking the prison computer system, accessing the internet, and turning his “fans” into a cult. Is it normal for lit professors to also be computer hackers? And, being a mass murderer and all, no one thought to check up on what he was doing on those computers, even if he was thought to be offline?
It stretches believability but the writing is just good enough to give it a pass. This time. Like other great shows, there’s something here that makes you want to believe it’s possible, that maybe some explanation will come along to wipe it all away. Or even that the show gets good enough that we can forgive it in the name of growing pains. Still, let’s hope being a criminal mastermind doesn’t mean Carroll can do and access anything he pleases.
The real triumph of The Following is that it isn’t afraid to let you fall. From the very beginning viewers are introduced to the beautiful and lone survivor, Sarah Fuller. The show dotes on her. She’s in danger, vulnerable and exposed, and it’s easy to care about her. She’s also central enough to the episode’s storyline it lulls you into a sense of security. When the ending comes and you discover her fate, it’s a shock to the system and honestly a little heart breaking. It’s events like this that make Carroll’s words linger in the mind after the show has finished. The writers are openly manipulating you but Purefoy’s performance transcends the character barrier; it’s not the writers doing anything, it’s Carroll. He is the writer. The only one we need to care about, anyway.
Going into The Following, I didn’t know what to expect. Kevin Bacon’s performances have been hit or miss in the past, and, indeed, his work here is occasionally one-note and smacks a bit too much of David Caruso in CSI: Miami. But it fits, just as most other parts fit, and the high notes pull everything else just a little bit higher from the muck. Believability is an issue, no doubt about it, but the writers are skilled and, if this episode is any indication, we’ll likely see some explanations surface in coming episodes. I came in cold to The Following but next Friday I’ll definitely be tuning in to see how things unfold.
FAQ: How do I apply for my license through eAccessNY?
3 Step Blueprint To Making a Full-Time Income as a Real Estate Agent in New York - FREE PDF
How do I apply for my license through eAccessNY?
Here are the steps you need to take to submit your real estate license application through eAccessNY:
1) Log in to your eAccessNY account and click on "Apply for Initial Salesperson License (qualifying by Exam only)", which is located on the Main Menu page.
2) Click "Next Step" to continue.
3) Enter your details and click "Next Step" to continue.
4) Enter your sponsoring broker's license number (UID#).
5) Find the correct broker license that matches the company name and address. Select that office by clicking on the circle in front of the desired office and address. Then click "Next Step" to continue.
6) Enter all required information and click "Next Step" to continue.
7) Enter the name of the school where you completed the 75-hour NYS real estate salespersons course by using the drop-down menu, and enter your completion date for the course. Then click "Next Step" to continue.
8) Affirm the application by clicking the "I Agree" box at the bottom of the page and click "Next Step" to continue.
9) Enter your credit card details and click "Submit".
10) Print the "Summary of Your Submission" page.
11) Click 'Return to Main Menu".
Once your application is submitted, your sponsoring broker will have to log in to their own eAccessNY account and authorize your application.
Here we have collected some of the trendy short hairstyles for fall. You will see that there are a lot of different splendid hairstyles to choose if you want to create short hair which always looks cool and smashing.
For women with curly hair, it is a great idea to create a short bob which looks fabulous yet needs a curl encouraging gel or mousse can to avoid trickiness.
Ina addition, the short straight hairstyle also looks fabulous and suit many face shapes. Besides, you can add or leave no bangs according to the hairstyle and your facial shape.
Short Fall Hairstyles Trends: Curly Hair /Via
Short Fall Hairstyles Trends: Curly Hair
The short curly hairstyle is full of fun and charm. To add definition to the hair, you can apply a water-based or silicone gel when the hair is still wet, and let it dry naturally.
Light Blonde Pixie Haircut: Short Fall Hairstyles /Via
Light Blonde Pixie Haircut: Short Fall Hairstyles
This quite short hairstyles provides you with a glamorous and cool look that anyone can achieve easily. The blunt bangs side bangs pair the splendid eye-catching hairstyle greatly.The warm hair tone is versatile to match the dress and make-up.
Classic Bob Haircuts for Fall /Via
Classic Bob Haircuts for Fall
This is a unstructured and easy-going short hairstyle. Nearly all people can choose the free-flowing hairstyle. You can finish the casual hairstyle with additional Working and Shine hairspray to keep it neater.
Short Hairstyles with Brown Underneath and Blonde on Top /Via
Short Hairstyles with Brown Underneath and Blonde on Top
This is a straight short bob with same length. Chin-length bob is classically trendy and super simple to style!
Women Short Haircuts for Fall: Red Curly Hair /Via
Women Short Haircuts for Fall: Red Curly Hair
This playful layered razor cut features tousled layers which make it a very versatile and trendy hairstyle.
Short Hair Color Ideas for Fall /Via
Short Hair Color Ideas for Fall
This casual short hairstyle is designed and generated skillfully. The precision cuts and various layering techniques allow the hair to fall into its own natural shape and form.
Trendy Short Pixie Hairstyles for Fall /Via
Trendy Short Pixie Hairstyles for Fall
This cool and chic crop is an ideal choice for people who desire to create some change on the hair. And it look cool and requires very little time to style. The lighter tone can enhance and light many face tones.
Easy Short Bob /Via. This hairstyle is a cool option for bad hair days.
Short Pixie Mohawk /Via
Short Pixie Mohawk
The boy hairstyle has been chic for quite some time now. The top hair is teased up make the whole hairstyle bouncy and full of vigor and it brings out beautiful eyes, making them pop.
Fall Hairstyles: Cute Short Haircuts for Women /Via
Fall Hairstyles: Cute Short Haircuts for Women
This is another wonderful version of the razor cut, mingled with a clipper cut. It is clipper cut at the temple and in the back and razor cut in layers in the front and crown.This is a luscious and mysterious look when styled with much definition.
Short Hairstyles with Long Bangs /Via
Short Hairstyles with Long Bangs
If you are a person who likes things slightly off center, an asymmetrical layered cut may be the great one for you. Quite short on one side, longer on the other, this is a gorgeous trendy-head turner.The fine angles complement your face feature and the ideally polished hairstyle is full of charm and femininity.
Simple Pixie Hairstyles for Fall /Via
Simple Pixie Hairstyles for Fall
The splendid pixie is a bit longer than the boy cut, and lends itself to being a bit more versatile. It makes facial features stand out perfectly! The short hair is quite popular and awesome.
On Sat, Aug 26, 2017 at 1:34 PM, Haribabu Kommi <kommi(dot)haribabu(at)gmail(dot)com>
wrote:
>
> I will submit the new patch series with all comments given
> in the upthread to the upcoming commitfest.
>
Here I attached new set of patches that are rebased to the latest master.
0001-Change-Create-Access-method-to-include-storage-handl:
Add the support of storage method to create as part of create
access method syntax.
0002-Storage-AM-API-hooks-and-related-functions:
The necessary storage AM API hooks that are required
to support pluggable storage API and supporting functions
to frame the storage routine.
0003-Adding-storageam-hanlder-to-relation-structure:
Add the storageAm routine pointer to relation structure
and necessary functions to initialize the storage AM routine
whenever the relation is built.
0004-Adding-tuple-visibility-function-to-storage-AM:
The tuple visibility functions are moved into heap storage AM
and the visibility function in snapshot structure is changed from
function pointer to an enum to indicate what type of snapshot
it is. Based on that enum, the corresponding visibility function
is executed from the relation storage AM routine.
0005-slot-hooks-are-added-to-storage-AM:
The slot specific storage AM routine pointer is added to slot
structure and removed some of the members and created
a new HeapamSlot structure to hold the necessary tuple
information. Currently the slot supports the minimal tuple
also.
Currently this patch may further needs some changes as it
assumes the tuple is in HeapTuple format in some API's.
This slot storage AM routine may be common to all the
pluggable storage modules.
0006-Tuple-Insert-API-is-added-to-Storage-AM:
The write support functionality is added to storage AM.
And also all the storage AM functions are extracted into
another file to make it easier to understand while writing
and changing the code to support new API's.
0007-Scan-functions-are-added-to-storage-AM:
All the scan supported functions are added to storage AM.
And these functions are also extracted into storageam.c file.
Pending comments from Andres:
1. Remove the usage of HeapScanDesc.
2. Remove the usage of scan_getpage, scan_update_snapshot
and scan_rescan_set_params hooks.
3. Many places the relation is not available while creating the slot,
and also slot shouldn't depend on relation, because the slot values
are may be some times from two different storage relations also.
So I modified the slot code to use the same storage mechanism.
4.Tuples functionality moving into a separate folder.
Other pending activities are:
1. Handle Bitmap and sample scans as they dependent on heap format.
2. Add some configuration flags in the storage AM, based on these flags
whether vacuum can run on these relations or not will be decided. This
may be further enhanced to provide the cost parameters also that can be
used for planning.
I attached individual patches in the mail, in case if it increases the mail
size,
or creates problems to some one, i will attach the zip version from next
time
onward.
Regards,
Hari Babu
Fujitsu Australia
Your registration includes access to all sessions, plus continental breakfast, lunch, and snacks on both days.
Ticket Prices
$299 - Super Early Bird, now through June 3, 2015
$399 - Early Bird, through August 12, 2015
$499 - Standard
Venue Information
WindyCityRails 2015 will take place at Venue One (1034 W Randolph St), located just minutes from downtown in Chicago’s West Loop neighborhood. CTA’s Green and Pink Lines are just two blocks away. Several Divvy bike share stations are available within close proximity.
Hotel Information
Our preferred hotel is Silversmith Hotel & Suites (10 S Wabash Ave). The hotel is adjacent to the CTA Green and Pink Lines, which offer quick access to the venue.
Ticket & Event Policies
WindyCityRails tickets are not refundable, but they are transferrable. If you need to transfer your ticket to someone else, please refer to the ticket link in your confirmation email.
There may be photography, audio or video recording at the conference. By attending, you agree to allow the organizers to use your likeness in future marketing and promotional material.
By attending WindyCityRails, you agree to abide by our Code of Conduct.
Ross vividly remembers the day he first set his eyes on the woman he had no idea would become his bride. Kacy happen to walk past Ross’s cubical and he did an immediate 180 to see the beauty that just passed by. Though there was a mutual attraction, the two became friends for about three years playing volleyball on the beach, taking trips to Gainesville to watch the Gators play, hours talking on the phone and hanging out with mutual friends. Through their long chats “just as friends” they began to have deep conversations about their personal walks with God, their goals, advice, etc. While everyone encouraged them to date, they simply remained friends and Ross soon left to move to south Florida for work. They continued to speak every month or so, and through Kacy’s encouragement, Ross started attending church and grew into a deep relationship with Jesus Christ as his Lord and Savior. It was during this time that Ross learned to put God first, while at the same time Kacy was also drawing nearer to God. Although both of them did not realize it at the time, God was using this period to prepare them for one another. It wasn’t until they reconnected while Ross was in Jacksonville during a weekend in March 2012, that they realized God’s perfect plan was for them to be together! Over the holidays, Ross proposed to Kacy in Charleston and now they plan to have a short engagement so excited to begin their lives together and get rid of the distance of being in two different locations.
“We just want God’s presence to be known,” said Kacy when asked about their wedding plans. ”We just want it to be about Him and how He brought us together.” Kacy, 32, also wants single girls to be encouraged by her story that true love is worth the wait. ”You just have to wait on God, I keep telling my girlfriends that,” Kacy said. “As hard as it was to wait, I mean, look at what He brought me in the end, HELLO! He’s hot!” she said with a giggle and a blush.
Not only is Kacy now one of our lovely brides, she is also one of my best friends, and was a bridesmaid in our wedding, and I couldn’t be happier for my beautiful friend! Here’s some of our favorites from her and Ross’s engagement session!
I just LOVE all the colors in the session! INCREDIBLE you guys!
Words cannot even describe how beautiful the two of you are! What a gift to have such a talented friend to capture not only the outer beauty, but the inner beauty as well. God bless you!
Forever adorable KAcy! You captured her heart and soul so beautifully. Love the flying seagulls shot!
What a beautiful couple and beautiful photos!!!!
Amazing couple! Amazing photos! Congratuations Kacy and Ross. Scarlett, you’ve truly captured there inner and outer beauty and most importantly their love.
Love the photos of my sweet friend and can’t wait for the day they are husband and wife! To God be the glory!
Beautiful as always, Scarlett!
SEARCH BLOG
Students start in different beginnings and meet in the same industry
The programs take a few months to a few years to complete, but the knowledge and skills learned last longer. Many of the graduates from the School of Communications, Media, Arts and Design have achieved careers in their field. You may be familiar with some of them, as they are active in the news, both delivering the news content and making headlines for their great work.
Alumni stories vary but they all come down to their past experience at the college, where they had a good learning experience, mentored by faculty members, and completed hands-on training at Centennial’s media and design labs and through internships. They credited their early experiences at Centennial, for which they have been very grateful for the teachings learned and connections made.
Let’s take a look at some familiar faces in the broadcasting and media industry. These three alumni have years of experience in front of the camera but graduated from different programs at Centennial. Broadcasting and Film graduate George Tsioutsioulas has his own show, The Hospitality Guide. He put a lot of work and hours to get to where he is today. He says, “I decided if I couldn't be a rock star, then I could interview them." He has since interviewed A-list celebrities and gone to write, produce, and host shows at OMNI, Global, W Network, APTN and the Biography Channel. Another alumnus in the industry is Liz West, a graduate of the Public Relations and Corporate Communications program. Her career path has taken her to be the face of many popular shows, co-host of big events, and guest hosts of shows like Breakfast Television and Cityline. She has been the Entertainment Specialist in CP24, Citypulse @ 6, the Host of "Star! At The Movies," and the Entertainment Reporter for "Star! Daily." The third alumni in the industry comes from the Journalism program. Kris Reyes worked as a TV news reporter at CityTV and news anchor at Global Toronto’s The Morning Show. She credits Centennial for giving her the opportunity to gain an internship at CTV.
Centennial students have a lot to learn from past graduates, but their work serves as an inspiration to many. With long hours ahead, in school, at volunteering opportunities, and during internships, students can see that there are graduates who worked in their field and enjoy it. With Centennial’s applied learning, students have the advantage of gaining industry exposure and on-the-job training.
Emile Talbot Hidden
Émile Talbot
Émile Talbot came to the Department of French at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign in 1967 and taught here until his retirement in 2003, continuing to teach for the campus Honors Program and for the Department until the current academic year. He graduated summa cum laude from St. Francis College of the University of New England in 1963, and earned his doctorate from Brown University in 1968. His areas of specialization ranged from QuÃ©bec literature, especially poetry and fiction, to nineteenth- and early twentieth-century French literature, especially Stendhal; lyric poetry; the history of aesthetic and critical theory; and French intellectual history. A true native speaker of French, he read Italian, Spanish, German, Medieval Latin, Portuguese, and Classical Greek.
He published four monographs. The most recent, Reading Nelligan (2002), has been recognized as “a landmark” reflecting “impressive breadth and depth of knowledge in nineteenth-century French poetry” (QuÃ©bec Studies), an “important ouvrage” revealing “un fin jugement analytique et synthÃ©tique” (University of Toronto Quarterly) , "a model of its kind" (MontrÃ©al Review of Books). The field of QuÃ©bec studies was a second scholarly focus that Emile developed after establishing himself as a Stendhal specialist: Stendhal Revisited appeared in 1993, Stendhal and Romantic Esthetics in 1985 and La Critique stendhalienne de Balzac Ã Zola in 1979. At his death, Emile had completed about two thirds of a book on QuÃ©bec poetry of the 1930s.
His scholarly standing brought him invitations to serve as the editor of QuÃ©bec Studies, as a member of the editorial board of Nouvelles Ã‰tudes francophones, Ã‰tudes francophones, La Revue francophone, Nineteenth-Century French Studies, and as The French Review’s editor for creative works. He published numerous articles in such journals as The French Review, QuÃ©bec Studies, Dalhousie French Studies, the International Journal of Canadian Studies, Studies in Canadian Literature/Ã‰tudes en littÃ©rature canadienne, Revue francophone, Nineteenth-Century French Studies, French Forum, Studies in Romanticism, and Stendhal Club.
He is remembered as a generous collaborator by the professional societies to which he belonged, particularly the American Council for QuÃ©bec Studies (ACQS), of which he was Vice-President, President, and Past President, and the Conseil International d’Ã‰tudes Francophones, on whose Executive Committee he served. For his contributions to the development of the field of QuÃ©bec studies, he received the prestigious Prix du QuÃ©bec in 2006, an award made by the ACQS executive board in consultation with the QuÃ©bec government to honor US based non-Canadian scholars for outstanding scholarship and service in the area of QuÃ©bec studies. The French government made him Chevalier des palmes acadÃ©miques.
The twenty-three doctoral dissertations that he directed are a monument to the impact of his intellectual interests on students in the Department (please see below). His former students remember him as an inspired, exceptional teacher. At the undergraduate level, he taught Introduction to QuÃ©bec literature, Realism and Impressionism in Literature and the Arts, Heroes and Heroines: From Roland to Beckett, The French Intellectual Tradition, Paris: A Social and Cultural History, and Renaissance Humanism. At the graduate level he taught courses in Romanticism, Realism and Naturalism, Studies in Verlaine, Rimbaud and the Symbolists; Stendhal; Baudelaire; Proust; Short Fiction from Nodier to Maupassant; the Contemporary QuÃ©bec Novel; and QuÃ©bec Fiction and Poetry since the 1930s.
I have a youtube channel with over 700 Videos!
Hi, Thanks for visiting my website. My name is Will and if you have questions
or would like to
contribute projects or ideas you can contact me
When it comes to sword making there are a lot of important things to consider. And most important of them all is the steel.
This is because there are a thousand different steels. And while they are all "steel". Only some are actually good for a sword.
In this tutorial I explain to you some good guidelines and rules of thumb for steel and sword making.
And I make a sword using a low carbon steel much to disastrous results.
I also have a video at the bottom of the page.
Will has a youtube channel with over 700 videos on projects you can make. Check it out right here
So, what exactly is Steel?
There is a very simple answer. It is Iron that has carbon added to it during the smelting or forging process. The iron is heated and small amounts of carbon are added. These carbon atoms bind with the Iron atoms to form steel.
That is simple enough to understand but it can get a bit more complicated. This is because you can add more and more carbon, binding more atoms. And as you add more carbon the properties of the steel change. It gets harder and harder and tougher and tougher. This is of course what makes steel so amazing - it's toughness and its hardness.
But... the steel will get to the point where it no longer has flexibility - It can crack or shatter easily.
So, there is definitely a range of steel that is suitable for sword making. And this range is typically called High carbon steel.
Around .6 percent carbon in the steel is about right for swords. That can vary a bit , let's say from .5 percent to as much as 1 percent carbon in the steel. This percentage change can depend on whether the steel has other elements included such as vanadium, manganese, or chromium. The percentage difference can also be manipulated and made usable for swords by a blacksmith or swordsmith during the heat treatment phase of making the sword.
Carbon Steel
The type of steel we have been talking about is called Carbon steel because it has carbon added. And as a rule of thumb there are three categories of carbon steel: Low carbon steel, medium carbon steel and high carbon steel.
Low carbon steel - ( also called Mild Steel) is not suitable for swords (In the video below I make a sword using low carbon steel). It is too soft and malleable. It will not hold it's shape well and it will not hold an edge well. Low carbon steel typically contains between 0.04% to 0.30% carbon. And it generally isn't heat treated. It doesn't harden well under heat treatment.
Medium carbon steel -
It typically contains between 0.31% to 0.60% carbon. It also contains a small amount of manganese. Medium carbon steel is heat treatable but still too soft and malleable for sword making. Although when we get to abouit the .60% range we can have a very suitable sword.
High Carbon Steel - We are looking at the lower range of this for sword making. It ranges from .61% to 1.50 percent carbon and it is also known as tool steel. In th elower range it is excellent for sword blades and it can be heat treated very well. It retains good strength and can keep a good edge. But once we start going over 1% the steel is too hard and rigid for swords.
In the video below I make a low carbon steel sword. Learn about it and watch what happens to the sword when we apply pressure to it.
The video is here:
Would you consider a donation of $1 to support my work? Paypal makes it very easy and safe. Click here to donate $1 - Every little bit helps Will to keep making great tutorials and projects. Thanks!
The Steel of a sword
If you are looking to buy a sword you might be wondering about the steel. There are a lot of types of steel, 1060? 1065? What does all this mean and is it important? I explain it all, what the numbers mean and what a good steel is for a sword. About Steel and Swords
UW Whitewater is on a 400-acre campus in a suburban setting in Whitewater, Wisconsin, not far from Milwaukee. There are many activities and organizations for UW Whitewater students to participate in – band, chorus, theater groups, a campus newspaper, a radio station and more.
UW Whitewater also has fraternities and sororities.
UW Whitewater has a thriving Adult Student Connection. In fact, more students participate in Adult Student Connection than any other on-campus activity.
Other popular student organizations at UW Whitewater include Pan Hellenic Council, Sigma Alpha Lambda (Academic Honors), Cru (Faith-Related Organization) and National Society of Leadership and Success.
UW Whitewater students' favorite campus events are Homecoming Week, Campus Welcome Week events and Spring and Fall Career Fairs.
UW Whitewater offers housing for students. Students are required to live on campus through sophomore year. First year students are guaranteed on-campus housing.
Most UW Whitewater students live off campus. In 2021, 34% of undergrads at UW Whitewater lived in some kind of on-campus housing and 66% of students lived off-campus or commuted to UW Whitewater. First year students are allowed to park a car on campus.
UW Whitewater offers coed housing and housing for students with disabilities.
At UW Whitewater UW Whitewater:
College is like a home away from home. Whether you're walking to class or coming back from late-night studying (or partying!), it's important to feel safe on campus.
University of Wisconsin-Whitewater is patroled 24 hours a day by trained security. The UW Whitewater campus has emergency telephones or alarms for students to use anytime of day or night. The school also has student security patrols.
UW Whitewater offers late-night transportation or safety escorts for students. Campus housing is secure and dorms can only be accessed with secure key cards.
Visiting colleges is one of the best ways to get a sense of the campus and student body. If you'd like to visit UW Whitewater, take Interstate 90 to Whitewater, WI. If you need to fly, book your flight to Mitchell International airport.
While you're planning, check out other schools in Wisconsin you may want to visit too. Click the heart at the top of each school's page to save it to your college list.
Want to visit but can't make the trip? Explore UW Whitewater's campus without leaving home by taking a virtual campus tour
Click below to find out more about the admissions requirements and deadlines, student life, academics, majors and more.
Visit the College Confidential forums to join the conversation about UW Whitewater.
49%Women
51%Men
86%Full Time
14%Part Time
84%In State
16%Out-of-State
82%
8%
4%
3%
2%
1%
0.19%
0.09%
0.05%
Undergraduate Students
10,428
Graduate Students
1,567
Non-Resident / International Students
57
It’s official. My case of cabin fever has moved beyond the stage of being curable — at least, that is, by anything other than time. No amount of willpower, movie watching, exercising, music listening, Valentine’s Day-ing (though I must say my valentine is one very bright spot, even in these sunless days) or cookie eating is going to tear me from the threshold of these winter blues. It happens every year, and so I’ve come to expect it and, like a flower wrapped tightly in its bud, wait (mostly) patiently for the impending thaw of springtime, when it bursts in a colorful force through the crunchy gray snow and melts all of it — and my wintry woes — away.
In the waiting, however, I’ve learned to create for myself an arsenal of survival tools — a really good book
, some good company, a few cups of warm tea. And now, perhaps, this bread, as rustic and reliable as one needs when he or she is feeling cabin feverish. This bread — this rieska, this Finnish wonder of ridiculously easy bread baking — is a true companion in these darker days.
I don’t know what it is about this recipe that first caught my attention. Maybe it was the simplicity of it, or the basic roll call of ingredients. Maybe it was the description — a “cakey drop biscuit,” an “easy baking powder bread,” “packed with whole grains.” Or, perhaps, it was the adventure of creating something I never had before.
Or, maybe it was because I just wanted a really good sandwich.
In any case, rieska is one recipe I won’t be leaving behind. It’s durable enough to hold a few slices of meat, cheese and veggies, but soft and moist enough to warrant its “cakey” descriptor. It takes less time to throw together than it does for me to get dressed in the morning, and its buttery and mildly sweet flavor is unusually refreshing — not at all how you’d expect it to taste at first sight. It’s just the thing for those, like me, who are anxiously counting down the days to when the sun re-emerges from behind the clouds, when the birds start chirping and the chilly trees clothe themselves once again in fragile, flapping green leaves. Until then, this bread will keep me satisfied.
Rieska
Courtesy of King Arthur Flour
Yields: 2 dozen 2-inch squares
Ingredients:
1/2 cup old fashioned rolled oats
1 cup dark or light rye flour, or pumpernickel flour (I used dark rye)
1 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons sugar
4 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 1/2 cups buttermilk
Directions:
Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. Lightly grease a 13-by-9-inch baking dish and set aside.
In a large bowl or bowl of a stand mixer, whisk together oats, rye flour, all-purpose flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and sugar. Add butter in small cubes and cut into the dry mix, using a fork or pastry blender, until the butter is thoroughly distributed. Stir in buttermilk until well combined.
Pour batter into prepared dish and spread evenly with a spatula. Bake for 15-20 minutes or until top of bread is golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Remove from oven and allow to cool in baking dish completely before slicing or serving.
Very interesting recipe! And you say it holds up well in a sandwich? Talk about easiest bread ever!
This sounds perfect for the veg sandwiches I eat. Always need a good sturdy bread to give the sandwich some extra oomph. Those people over at King Arthur are geniuses.
hahaha, interesting survival tool, plus delicious.
That looks fantastic!
I tend to be more “hands on” when it comes to cutting in butter. Do you think it would matter much if I kneaded it in (like you would for biscuits), or is the temperature of the butter important?
I’m probably overthinking this, the recipe doesn’t look very finicky, but still 😛
Johanna — You incorporate the butter a lot like how you would for biscuits, so yes, using your hands to cutting it in works just fine.
Mine burned badly… 16 minutes. Any thoughts? Also, how many servings do you get when you use it for sandwiches?
Kristen — I’m so sorry to hear that! I know everyone’s oven behaves differently, so maybe next time bake it at 450 degrees F and see if that helps. Also, it’s been forever and a day since I’ve made this recipe so I don’t exactly remember how many sandwiches it makes, but my guess is about 6 to 8 sandwiches.
Other Viewing Suggestions For The New Season Of Arrested Development
If you had a catered-to-your-liking viewing plan set for the new season of Arrested Development, under the Jason Bateman-given impression that you’d be able to watch it in whatever order you wanted, because this is America, and this is your show, and you deserve it, whatever “it” is, even if “it” is something that sounds completely unnecessary, GET READY FOR YOUR LIFE TO BE JUST ABOUT COMPLETELY FUCKING RUINED. Yesterday, Mitch Hurwitz tweeted:
“Done! Just finished the final mix last night. In two weeks Arrested Development will be yours to do with as you please. Except for 1 thing! You gotta watch them in order. Turns out I was not successful in creating a form where the setup follows the punch line.”
Nooooooo! But you prooooooooomiiissssed! What’s next, OBAMA? What other rights do you plan to snatch out from beneath our weary feet? What other viewing suggestions might you impose on our new season of Arrested Development?! (Ideas for other imposed viewing suggestions after the jump.)
- New season must be watched at a volume that isn’t too loud but definitely is just slightly louder than you need it to be, so you never feel like you’re straining.
- New season must be watched with clean glasses, contacts that aren’t currently hurting your eyes, or vision that is perfect enough to escape the need of glasses and contacts.
- New season must be watched with snacks.
- New season must be watched while someone who lives in the apartment below you HAS BAND PRACTICE.
- New season must either be watched with friends or during alone time that feels good and energizing.
- New season must be watched on top of a tall mountain that, like, YOU CAN’T EVEN REACH.
- New season must be watched without the sun shining directly onto your television or computer screen, so you can actually see it.
- New season must be watched IN HANDCUFFS.
- New season must be watched with your dog on your lap, if you have a small to medium-sized dog.
Ugggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh.
•New season must be watched while tweeting about watching new season. #newseason
First they came for the out-of-order shows, and I said nothing, because I don’t watch out of order shows.
New season must not be watched. New season must be pieced together in your mind via Internet references.
You got to have a stew going.
But Kelly, what do I do if I don’t have a small to medium sized dog, but I have an average size house cat? Can I still watch the show?
• New season must be watched in your mansion on your designer couch with your English butler serving you expensive drinks and snacks from a gold platter.
Once you watch the new season, you will die in 7 days.
You must finish any vodka you open before you finish watching the episode so it doesn’t go bad.
Dead season. Do not watch.
Listen, this doesn’t relate to anything talked about here but it means about as much if not more…
Watch it outside on a big projector with your hop-ons. You’re going to get some hop-ons.
If your friends don’t want to watch it all at once, goad them into it with a chicken dance of your choosing
new season must be watched partially then you run outside to chase squirrels #ADD
I don’t understand the question, and I won’t respond to it.
New season, if being watched in the morning, must be watched with vodka and a piece of toast.
The new season must be watched with a nagging feeling that it’s all a big precursor to a movie which seems totally unnecessary and may or may not ever happen such that you can’t quite relax and just enjoy it for what it is
BabyFur.ME is a social networking community for babyfurs, diaperfurs, cubfurs, kidfurs, littlefurs, sissyfurs, caretakers and friends of the community. The purpose of BabyFur.ME is to unite furs who share these interests in common in a safe and judgment free format. This community is private and requires registration. Babyfur trolling/bashing is not tolerated and will result in immediate ban. Site membership is currently restricted to furries only..
There are a few sub-groups within the babyfur community which are often described with the following terminology :
Many people don't identify with one single group, but can change roles depending on the situation and who they are interacting with.. Various paraphernalia help to satisfy these preferences:
Many babyfurs enjoy wearing all sorts of clothing. Some say the cuter it looks, the better it is. Such articles of clothing include the following : Overalls, Shortalls, Booties, Dresses, Onesies, Pajamas, Pants, Footed sleepers, Mittens, Bows.
A toddler's life is not complete without items such as cribs, walkers, strollers, high chairs, car seats/booster seats, pacifiers, baby bottles/sippy cups, talcum powder and bubble baths. Many babyfurs use these objects in online roleplay and would love to be able to use them in the real world.
As well as physical objects, some babyfurs find a keen interest in actions like blowing a raspberry, being held, or watching old television shows that are no longer available on TV. Many old children's shows such as 80's and early 90's cartoons on Nickelodeon were the same shows some babyfurs watched when they were little, and reminiscing about them leaves a nostalgic warmth.
Diapers are an item frequently used while "cubbing out". Like other aspects of babyfur, this can be done in the virtual world, the real world, or both. There are many babyfurs, however, that while they will wear diapers in online roles, do not in real life. Many babyfurs will wear diapers in real life for a feeling of security and comfort, but will not use them for their intended purpose. At the other end of the spectrum, there are some babyfurs that, either by choice or by necessity, wear and use diapers all the time.
Why babyfurs wear, and possibly use, diapers in the real world is varied. For some, they are forced to wear them because of a medical condition and have no choice in the matter. These people have often blended their real life situation with that of their furry persona. For others, it is a way they can regress into their furry persona's age. Some others see the diapers as a connection to their furry persona, paralleling a tail or fursuit in the general furry community.
The wearing (and especially the use) of diapers in the real world are at the heart of many issues that some members of the furry community in general have with the babyfurs. For example, it is not generally considered appropriate for a diaper user to soil themselves at a convention in the presence of other furry fans - or to put themselves in a situation where this is likely to happen - yet individuals have been known to do this, to the detriment of the group's reputation.
When cubbing out in both the real world and in online roleplaying, the level of connection to the role will vary between each player. Some babyfurs will become so involved and yearn for such an authentic childish mentality that they will use speech impediments and baby talk to communicate. Very few babyfurs make a habit out of using babytalk in the real world, similar to a gay lisp. Depending on the situation, a babyfur could even develop a habit of whining or crying to get what he/she wants from a caregiver or another roleplayer.
In light online role-playing, babyfurs may toddle, crawl and wag their tails playfully while the sounds of crinkling diapers abound. Pouncing, giggling, cuddling, snuggling and tummy rubbing ensue with the maximum possible level of cuteness.
Child-like behaviour, baby animal sounds and an emphasis on cuteness can be found among some furry fans when among themselves, even those who don't call themselves babyfurs and who don't participate in other babyfur activities described here, such as diapers or baby clothing.
While most babyfurs are closely attached to the development of young humans, a different approach can be found in online role-play, where newborn zoomorphic and anthropomorphic characters often grow up at a similar pace as wild animals, doing without accessories such as diapers and learning to walk in a short time. This has the practical advantage of sooner getting into an age that allows interesting role-play even for non-babyfurs when playing a character since birth. As in nature, opinions on when a character can be considered adult vary greatly.
"Cubbing Out" is a general term used by the community to describe roleplaying as a babyfur character. This can either be roleplay in the virtual world or the real world. Usually it will involve one or more regressed characters or people interacting with each other or with a caregiver.
"Padding" and "Getting Padded" may also refer to cubbing, in particular regarding to being diapered.
Caregivers (or caretakers) are the 'mommy' and 'daddy' figures in the roleplay. For the most part, they interact with other babyfurs as a mother or father would with their child. This can include playing with, cleaning or disciplining the younger character.
Just like furries in general, babyfurs go to conventions to spend time with friends and express their furriness. For many, that includes their babyfur aspects too. One may see many babyfurs dressed in juvenile clothing and with various paraphernalia because that is part of how they choose to express themselves. To some babyfurs, dressing in such a way is no different than other furries wearing ears, tails or fursuits.
At many conventions, hotel rooms are set up as gathering places for babyfurs to socialize privately, and many conventions now have unique babyfur rooms/parties available, instead of relying on the same people to run the same parties at every con. Two of the most notable are the C'ubhouse, run by LilPup, as well as the Cub Hub, a new room run by any of its core members (FoxCub, Natasha Softpaw, and Scritchwuff, currently) who show up for a particular con.
-----------------------------------------------
WikiFur contributors, "BabyFur," WikiFur the free encyclopedia written by and for the Furry community, (accessed April 30, 2011).
Released and available under CC-BY-SA license.
Our community for home performance professionals has an active group sponsored by a training company. The person who created the group is no longer with the company and wants to transfer the group with hundreds of members to the company. Ning says the only way to do this is with custom CSS. I don't know how to do this. Is there anyone who can help us? Thanks!
You need to be a member of Ning Creators Social Network to add comments!
Join Ning Creators Social Network
They'd need to target that specific 'page' with a CSS alteration, which idk how to do myself. Hopefully someone will chime in this weekend and help you.
Thanks for the encouragement Kos. Any help is very welcome!
Hi Diane,
I don't know why Ning would have told you CSS is the solution, I'm a bit baffled by that answer. CSS is for design. I would say that the person who created the Group would have to relinquish their Member ID to the Company. Or, if the Company is a member of your site, you could make them an Administrator of the Group. However, to my knowledge, there is no way to change the "Group Creator" and why I suggested the membership relinquishment.
To change a Group Member to an Administrator:
Go to Group
Click on the Options Button
Click on Manage Group Members
Click on the Company's Member Name, and Promote to Administrator.
Hope that helps,
Jen
Thank you Jen. I'll ask Ning to relinquish the Member ID for the group creator.
So there's no confusion, what I was mainly suggesting: If the original Group Creator is willing to turn over their member ID on your site, to the Company, that would be great.
If Ning is able to remove the Group Creator Ownership, and release back to you, that would work. Then, you could simply make the "Company" the Administrator. But, not sure they can.
On another note: Best I remember, when you delete a member on 2.0, you have the option to retain their content. It gets tricky in 2.0. Main thing, just don't want your Group to get deleted, accidentally.
Best of luck,
Jen
Thanks Jen for your brainstorming. We were able to fix the problem with a work-around.
We had the original group creator login and change her name to the company's name, change her picture and email and password to the company's also. And voila!...success.
She then opened a new account for her personal use.
A lot easier than custom CSS code (which I don't know how to do...)
Thanks!
That's fantastic! That's the nice thing a/b having Creators here. Sometimes it helps to just brainstorm back-n-forth and *walllah* the solution comes to you.
I had a question from a reader, and being mainly a vegetable gardener, I'm not familiar with this plant so I'm not sure what to tell her. I have certainly heard of catnip, but I've never before heard of dognip.
Granny~
I came across this new plant in the nursery and wondered if you'd seen one before. I planted it in a huge pot and it has completely taken over. I think it's called Dognip. Let me know what you think of it.
~Langela
If anyone can give her the name of this plant, I'm sure she (and I) would appreciate it. I love it, and would like to know how to get a start from it. TIA
I think you need to take a long nap! Your out of your cotton picking mind :o) Stupid me, fell right into that brick wall ! Do you have a bridge I can buy? LOL
Ginny, I don't have a bridge, but I have some ocean view property in Arizona I could sell you....cheap!
What a doll. Why should the gardeners have all of the fun!?
Lol, now that is a variety I have not seen before! - And what on earth has she been feeding it?!? ;)
Ribbit, we sure do, don't we?
********
Kelly, I don't know, but if I find out I'm giving some to Annie and Otto!
ha! so sweet.=)
I'm not familiar with the variety, but it sure looks healthy!
Kelli, I fell in love with it! It's my desktop photo right now :-)
********
Villager, I'd have to guess it is the dognip variety Genus Golden Labradoris.
I think I have seen this before. It is very invasive and takes over everything including your couch and bed.
Rachel, in that case could it possibly be related to Genus Dachsundaris? I have that variety, and agree it is terribly invasive. I have actually had to have it physically removed from my dinner plate.
Nice, I fell for it too.
I've seen one of those around. We try to keep it out of the vegetable garden. It's invasive, alright. It also kills young seedlings. LOL~
I was wondering why the dog was blocking the picture of the plants. I still didn't get it until "Golden Labradoris." Pray for me.
Sherry, it's a good thing it's so pretty, there's no way we'd want to eradicate it.
*******
Oh dear, Cheryl. Bless her, Father, for she has sinned.....
Too cute...you almost got me Granny.
You got me! What a hoot! I'm going to send some other folks your way for the laugh.
I do indeed know what that plant variety is called... it is....(wait for it)...
"tired dog"
An extremely invasive plant that creates it's own fertilizer and occassionally has been known to be scented with "aroma of dog fart".
Many gardeners make the mistake of bringing these into their garden based on the gentle brown eyed centers of the flower but I would advise you to think twice about this. :D
LMBO! Watch out too, don't go to the place where they propagate those or you will end up bringing home another!
Oh my I have one of them also and its name is Troubleis. Invasive for sure. Got to love them though.
Can I please have a cutting of that? Thats my favorite invasive variety! Puppalily!
(Thanks Wilderness!)
Thanks to all for your attempts at identification! I'm sure Langela appreciates them, as do I. Cathy, I'll ask her if we can possibly have some cuttings, but be forewarned by what Kitsap said, it makes its own fertilizer, and the aroma is not so great!
The nursery said they only propagate by seed. There is actually a male and female of this variety and both are needed. I only got the male because of the cost. This one cost me $100!
As for the smell. It really depends on the manure or dead animal you roll it in. I find I prefer the unscented version and try to keep it washed clean of any manure or dead animals.
One of the most fascinating things about it is its eating habits. Can you believe it is carnivorous? It also eats grass. If it could just be bred to eat weeds I'd be in business.
Thanks for everyone's help and comments on my beautiful and unique plant!
Well, Langela, I'm glad I could help, and I can definitely tell you that you got a healthy and beautiful Puppalily aka Stealinghearts flower there! It's one I'm sure many of us would like to have invading our gardens!
Fairport library closed for move
The Fairport Public Library will be moving to new digs as its current home undergoes renovations approved by voters.
On Monday the library at Fairport Village Landing closed for its move to 30 Perinton Hills Mall. The library hopes to reopen there on Jan. 2.
"We will have most of our collection there and a few computers for Intenet access," said assistant library director Tori Reilly. "The staff will be available for reference questions and help."
In May voters approved a $4.4 million renovation project for the library that includes new entrances, better lighting and new carpeting, and changes that will allow roomier space for programs.
The renovations are expected to take eight to 10 months to complete, Reilly said.
Library staff is working on how best to handle programs such as children story hours and book discussions while in the temporary space, she said.
Once in the new location, the library hours will return to normal. Library staff is asking that users return books to other branches and call other branches with questions during the period when the library is moving to the new site.
The Fairport library staff will have limited access to branch telephones during that time.
For more information, visit fairportlibrary.org.
GCRAIG@DemocratandChronicle.com
Bond-approved
Whats ahappen dec 1 we wil close
Begin preparing to pacj and movbe libtary services totemp locatoipn 30- perintoin hills mall;
We hope toi reopen thelibrary on dec 2
We will have most of our collection there and a few computers forintenet access and thestaff will be available for refe4rence cquestiosna and help with al of that
We are workin out places tohave theprogramming
Styory hours book discussion groups
'still working out details
There isn't space for that
Its going to take eight to 10 months for the renovation to be completed
n We still have same footprint
n Twqo new enrabces -0 one off cmnal park
n Integnal inetrance moved to
Were going tohave more compfo4rtable eating for peopke when they want to come in th library
New windows more lightin area
Basically everything that's
n Tori reilly
Renovation Relocation
Fairport Public Library, located in Fairport Village Landing, will undergo an extensive renovation beginning in January 2015.
The Fairport Public Library, located at 1 Fairport Village Landing, will close effective December 1, 2014, for relocation to temporary space at 30 Perinton Hills Mall, 6687 Pittsford Palmyra Road. The tentative date to reopen at the 30 Perinton Hills Mall location is January 2, 2015. The library will be in office space that is located between the Rochester Athletic Club and the American Red Cross.
As of December 1st, our computer network and telephone system will be moved and not operational for a few days. Please call another library with reference questions or about your library account until the library re-opens in January.
· The library's phone number will remain the same (223-9091).
· Library hours will remain the same after we re-open at the temporary location. Monday through Thursday- 9am-9pm; Friday -9am-6pm; Saturday- 9am-5pm; Sunday- 2pm-5pm.
· Materials can be returned to other libraries while the library is closed.
· HOLDS will not be available for pickup during the month of December. Fairport will not be available
· as a pickup branch after November 17th. Please contact us before December 1, if you wish to
· change your pickup location for holds already placed.
· Call us or check the events calendar for the locations of library programs.
Pinnacle Point Resort Accommodation
Pinnacle Point in Western Cape
Luxury Sea View House on Pinnacle Point Estat...
This fantastic, well appointed home on Pinnacle Point Golf Estate is the perfect place for a family or golfing getaway.Come and play the best and most...
- Wi-Fi
- Swimming Pool
- Braai/Barbecue
- On-site Parking
Accommodation near Pinnacle Point
* Distances are shown as the crow flies and not necessarily the actual travelling distance.
Pinnacle Point Golf Lodge
Pinnacle Point Golf Lodge is situated in Mossel Bay which is a bustling holiday town and port set on the sun-washed slopes of Cape St. Blaize, overlooking...
Pinnacle Point Golf Lodge
Welcome Pinnacle Point Golf Lodge situated on a dramatic coastline near Mossel Bay at the start of the Garden Route. This wonderful golf lodge is located...
DLC Holiday Accommodation
DLC Accommodation offers this spacious house ideal for a self-catering family vacation. The house can comfortably sleep 10 people and is ideally located...
Sea two coasts
Sea two coasts is a two-bedroom apartment with two bathrooms, a modern family-friendly kitchen and a cosy living room. The first bedroom is fitted w
Living the Dream
Living the Dream is a self-catering house in Dana Bay where you can have a sea holiday with the tranquillity of nature. Ideal for nature lovers, we
Plankiesplesier
Plankiesplesier is a beachfront holiday cottage right on the sea edge at Dana Bay near Mossel Bay. With its 180-degree view of the Indian Ocean and...
Rhapsody 5
Rhapsody 5 is one of six apartments located on the beachfront in Dana Bay and it offers its guests breathtaking views of the ocean. If you want to escape...
91G San Vincente
91G San Vincente is a luxurious two-bedroom flat ideally located in a quiet security complex on the beautiful Mossel Bay Golf Estate. The self-cater
Kloofsig 505
Kloofsig505 is located in Dana Bay and offers quality accommodation for a family or a group of friends. The beach and various shops, services and...
Macaw Villa
Macaw Villa is a self-catering apartment with a private entrance, adjacent to the main house. It is located in the conservatory, Danabaai, on the Garden...
Pinnacle Point Resort Accommodation
If you are looking for Pinnacle Point holiday accommodation , SafariNow has a selection of Self-catering, Golf Holiday, Hotel holiday accommodation in Pinnacle Point and surrounds. With 19 listings in Pinnacle Point, our handy Pinnacle Point map search and great low prices, it's easy to book the perfect holiday accommodation for your Pinnacle Point visit.
We also have some great special accommodation deals in Pinnacle Point South Africa
HP computers are. Dells don't seem to be, but they have their own quirks. Forum Solvedwhat is the compatible ram for the Lenovo ideapad Pentium 100 15IBY? The display has 1080p resolution and LED backlighting. Find out who represents you in the Illinois General Assembly.
Nothing. And they're working hard to defeat it. Just doing a normal boot will restore it to working order. Best Buy released an alternative version of the Yoga 13 with an Intel Core i5 processor (vs.
Other features include “Window 8.1, Lenovo Photos, Cyberlink PowerDirector, Cyberlink PhotoDirector, trial versions of Microsoft Office 365 and McAfee LiveSafe, and Lenovo's VeriFace face recognition software. It will come with Windows 8.1 with Bing and a year’s subscription to Office 365. Archived from the original on 2008-09-15. Next.
It has no multi-touch displays. i kept doing hard restarts by holding down the power button till it forced a shutdown, but just ended up with it getting stuck on the preparing....etc message. The 2011 IdeaPad laptops launched by Lenovo were the Intel Sandy Bridge processor based Z370, Z470, Z570, and AMD Llano APU processor based Z575.[63] Features[edit] Features of the IdeaPad Z Series Lenovo Ideapad 100s Wont Turn Off I feel your frustration.
Yes No Voted Undo Score 155 Cancel Comments: YouTube isn't accessible in my country 07/10/2015 by Tehreem Aurakzai I have the same problem too If you find an answer that works Probably you have a Power button failure. Up next How to fix Lenovo laptop power problem repair how-to guide - Duration: 8:36. Battery life is around 7 hours for a single charge.[12] MIIX 310[edit] The MIIX 310 is a Windows 10 tablet with a detachable keyboard.
Den 12,891 views 0:57 [Solved] How to Fix a Lenovo Tablet That Won't Turn On - Duration: 6:20. Lenovo Ideapad 100-15ibd Onekey Recovery Worst Case Scenario Im now able to Hard Reset it.. Tell them repair is good for the environment, good for consumers, and good for businesses. If, due to the nature of the issue you have encountered, you are unable to run this command, please add a comment stating that fact and change the bug status to
You can choose between Automatic or select the ones you want. Cancel computer fidler Rep: 25 1 Posted: 11/26/2015 Options Permalink History On e reason this may happen is the hard drive has an error at critical point in the boot up. Lenovo Ideapad 100s Wont Turn On I'll warn you though, it's up to 1000 Mb in size and can take HOURS from download to install. Lenovo Ideapad 100 Black Screen so i exited that and low and behold it booted normally.
In some countries, it is renamed as Flex 3. his comment is here The Y70 scored 4.5 hours of battery life on MobileMark's Office Productivity Test but is only able to achieve a battery life of about 2.5 hours for gaming.[48] A review from Can you guys help me? 10/02/2016 by Sanjay Singh after you raw the hdd you can able to solve this problem and 12/03/2016 by remonfenibd Show 19 more comments Add The thing is i dont hear any sound when i press any button ... Lenovo Ideapad 100 Power Button
Note: - Beforehand you may need to press and hold down your PC's power button several times before the Windows Utility page shows up in blue with a number of options, When your tractor breaks or your cell phone stops working, they want to be the only people who can fix it. Now it is working ok. this contact form WiFi, Bluetooth™ and 3G connectivity.
The Miix 700 has one USB 3.0 port, one USB 2.0 port, a micro-HDMI port for video out, a slot for LTE or 3G cellular data SIM cards, a MicroSD card How To Remove Battery Lenovo Ideapad 100 Connect your hard disk as a slave to some other computer and take backup of your computer data and simply re install fresh windows 8. Laptop BIOS).
So far I have spent most of my time , since November 28tn, 2015 when I purchased this what I thought to be a great lap top, I have spent most If you have an external hard enclosure you can place the old hard drive in it or use a usb adapter to try to recover files. And we're asking you to stand up for repair. Lenovo Ideapad 100s Reset Button THE SOLUTION.
The Yoga 11 and Yoga 13 computers both get their names from their unique design that enables the devices to rotate their screen backwards to become tablet devices. Lenovo Service 37,649 views 2:58 Lenovo laptop stuck at boot screen - Duration: 4:46. Tell them repair is good for farmers, good for consumers, and good for businesses. Tell them that you believe repair should be fair, affordable, and accessible.
despite the loss of the iconic red trackpoint in the middle of the keyboard. This guided tutorial will show you how to troubleshoot power issues that may prevent your laptop from turning on.If you found this video helpful, check out the other tutorials in this Tablet PC Review. pulseaudio /dev/snd/controlC1: ale 1361 F....
You shouldn't have to beg the manufacturer for permission to fix it when it breaks. Category Howto & Style License Standard YouTube License Show more Show less Loading... OK you have your External hard drive. In its review TechRadar stated, "The Lenovo IdeaPad Yoga 11 is a stylish, lightweight and durable laptop that neatly doubles as a tablet.
Tell them repair is good for the environment, good for consumers, and good for business. Was this answer helpful? Others were S10e, S10-2, S10-3, S10-3t Tablet Netbook, S0-3s ("s" for slim), S10-3c. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Follow @siliconundergro Search for: Popular posts Popular Today Week Month All Where the red wire goes in a light fixture What to do when your
At 11 inches, it's portable and thin enough to be used in tablet form, but like its bigger brother, having the keys on the reverse affecting your grip makes it far then check your rams if they are functioning properly. .
Lawyers representing the sister of a Syrian man alleged to have been tortured to death in a detention centre in Damascus in 2013 have launched a criminal complaint against members of the Syrian security forces in Spain’s national court.
Nine members of the Syrian government’s security and intelligence forces were accused of crimes of state terrorism in the 95-page complaint that was filed on Wednesday in Madrid.
The case is the first in a Western court brought against members of Syrian president Bashar al-Assad’s government, with the nine accused understood to include senior officials.
The full names of the nine officials and the name of the victim and his sister have not been made public.
The sister, who is only identified in the complaint as Mrs AH, claims she is a victim of Syrian state terrorism because her brother was arbitrarily detained, forcibly disappeared, tortured and executed in 2013.
Under Spanish law, Spanish prosecutors can investigate the complaint because Mrs AH is a Spanish national, a precedent that has previously been used to investigate crimes committed by state actors in Latin America during the Cold War.
Her lawyers, Guernica 37, said in a statement: “The evidence submitted clearly demonstrates that the Syrian State led by President Bashar al-Assad committed the Crime of Terrorism against its civil population using its security forces and intelligence apparatus.”
It added: “Thousands of detainees have been executed or have died as a result of torture, mass starvation and illness.”
The case was brought to light after a defector known by the codename Caesar, who had worked as a forensic officer, escaped from Syria in September 2013 with more than 50,000 photos documenting the deaths of more than 6,000 people.
Mrs AH and her family were able to identify her brother based on images of victims posted on online by the Syrian Association for Missing and Conscience Detainees.
Almudena Bernabeu, the lawyer representing Mrs AH, said: “This complaint materialises the efforts of extraordinary professionals from Syria and other parts of the world, who have tirelessly fought for justice during the last five years.
“The Caesar photographs demonstrate the degree of perversion of a state when it decides to attack its people through its institutions. Our desire is that this first step would allow for criminal justice efforts in other jurisdictions, and consequently, bring hope to the thousands of Syrian civilians that continue suffering the consequences of this barbarity.”
The Syrian government has faced international condemnation over its conduct during the country’s more than five-year civil war, in which it is accused of killing the great majority of the hundreds of thousands of people who have died.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights documented the deaths of 14,638 detainees, including 111 children from the start of the uprising until December 2016. This did not include more than 5,500 people who had gone missing or been abducted by state forces. Some 1,500 people were disappeared by the so-called Islamic State (ISIS) and rebel factions in Syria.
Overall civilian deaths until December 13 documented by SOHR were 90,506, including 15,948 children and 10,540 women.
More than 102,000 government troops and militia members have died and more than 53,000 rebel fighters have been killed, according to the Observatory. In addition, more than 54,000 foreign anti-government and ISIS fighters have been killed in Syria.
In October then-UN secretary-general Ban Ki-moon said that Assad’s government was responsible for 300,000 deaths.
Efforts to prosecute Syrian leaders have been obstructed by the presence and vetoing powers of Russia, Assad’s main ally, on the UN Security Council, which normally refers potential war crimes and crimes against humanity cases to the International Criminal Court for investigation.
This article was originally published by Middle East Eye and is reprinted here with permission.
Last month saw the first anniversary of Ananda Meditation Group, Isle of Man. It was an event that I knew in my heart would come to pass; however the odds against the group’s very survival have been great.
Paramahansa Yogananda taught that nothing is sent to us that we cannot handle, and it is something I often bring to mind in times of seeming adversity. Firstly we had to find a suitable venue for the group, which was growing rapidly and wasn’t as straight forward as we thought. That was because I was trying to arrange it myself, rather than waiting for Divine Mother’s intervention. But then, relaxing into the flow once again, the way opened and we were kindly offered the use off the hospital chapel where I work.
Inevitably perhaps, the initial enthusiasm of some of the members began to wane and some we lost altogether. People come and people go, but all will have been touched by Guru’s vibration and received what they were capable of receiving, according to their karma and level of spiritual development. It has been a wonderful lesson in practicing non attachment to the fruit of our labours. It could have been all too easy to take rejection as a personal affront.
As the group began to establish itself some members could not deal with the meetings gearing more toward devotion to our line of gurus. That was fine and their decision to make, but I wasn’t prepared to compromise on the true purpose of an Ananda Meditation Group just to put more ’bottoms on seats’. Contrastingly, I witnessed 2 sincere members undergo great emotional healing of long standing problems, both on a profound level and after only a few weeks of meditation.
So our numbers are few, and not surprising on a small island. We do have, what I call, ‘satellite’ members who either live too far away, or cannot get to our meetings for various reasons, who like to stay connected by receiving the Group News letter each week. I am always available for advice to these members who strive to build an effective meditation practice on their own. The main Ananda website offers great support for those who want to deepen their practice, whether struggling alone or in a group, and now even offers ‘virtual’ webinars.
Divine Mother continued to play Her hand as circumstances then led to my being taken away from the Island and not being able to lead the group some weeks. I was away on the UK mainland frequently (and still am) to attend to the needs of my sister who is very sick, but my conscience against letting the group and gurus down was appeased knowing the group was in the safe hands of a sincere devotee, or so I thought until she badly broke her leg shortly after I had received the news of my sister’s illness. Rendered immobile for a good while, we moved the meditation venue to her home so she could still attend.
Not to be deterred, we strove to maintain a steady stream of energy flowing through the group, even if it meant only one person keeping the flow moving by meditating alone some weeks. We have the faith that God is taking care of everything and that, like all new ventures on The Path, we are all being tested. The group itself is being tested.
And so it was such a joy to be able to see the group’s first anniversary; hanging in there against all odds. And what better way to celebrate than with our first Discipleship Ceremony.
Son-in law, Ben and dear friend, Liz both took their vow in view of progressing to Kriya initiation next year at an Ananda centre.
The energy of our guru’s was tangible throughout the ceremony. As we chanted ‘Jai Guru’, the very ether was supercharged with cosmic energy. I knew that God was smiling upon us this day, as He has been throughout all the karmic trials we, individually and as a group, are working our way through. He has never left our hearts and is ever more strongly present as we emerge from our trials out the other side, unscathed, strengthened and ever more determined to put our guru’s teachings into practice. Jai Guru!
AUM
t. maitreyi
Dear Maitreyi,
I read most of your posts and am always uplifted. I am an old time member of Ananda and live in Las Vegas, where Nayaswami Vijay and I a starting an Ashram house, and I understand the Joy and the wonder of it all!!
Master and the Great ones are with you dear one, and you are in Their Light! Thank you for your fortitude, and consistancy in you service to God and Guru!!
Ever more New Joy,
Your sister in Them,
Brindey
What an inspiring story. I love your dedication to God and Guru. It goes to show that where there is a will, there is a way. Congratulations, and many more anniversaries for your group. Many blessings, Nancy
Thanks for the inspiration, Maitreyi, and the timely reminder that all trials are there only to help us grow and be stronger. Happy Anniversary, congrats to all, Jai Guru! In joy, Dambara
Dear Maitreyi,
Thanks for sharing this inspiring story. A lesson,indeed for all fledgling Ananda groups!
Kamini
They say that some tapasya (austerity) is necessary to start any spiritual work. Congratulations on keeping the flame burning bright on the Isle of Man. I wish you and your group great blessings.
Dear Maitreyi,
I enjoy reading your posts. Congratulations to you and the new disciples.
Thank you for sharing your learning, it is very inspiring.
INSPIRATION for us cribbers complaining of no ananda group!!
your faith is heart lifting!!
Thank you Maitreyi. Your dedication and devotion is palpable. The ripples of your efforts through Master go well beyond the Isle of Man.
Merit achievements
ihaveablog has successfully completed the quests listed below, earning merits for use in team competitions.
Achieved by: 25833 users.
Achieved by: 12732 users.
Achieved by: 48973 users.
Achieved by: 292513 users.
Achieved by: 68063 users.
Incomplete:
Achieved by: 15415 users.
Achieved by: 6019 users.
Achieved by: 20047 users.
Achieved by: 41647 users.
Achieved by: 3869 users.
Achieved by: 79990
ihaveablog's profile
Information
Member for:
6 years, 4 months, 11 days, 7 hours, 53 minutes and 37 seconds
Total earnings: $7.16
Prizes redeemed: 2
Referrals: 7
Quests completed: 8
Current merits: 135.0
Demographics
Gender:
Date of Birth: Unknown
State: OH
Advice rating
You cannot rate ihaveablog.
ihaveablog has received 3 votes for assisting new members.
Winnings
Money earned from contests, lottery, team competitions, and other giveaways.
Lottery
Jan 28, 2009
50 points
Sweepstakes
Total tickets: 0
Current sweepstake: 0
Melbourne and Victoria.
For help with choosing your accommodation call 0844 567 8050 or
Free Nights
at selected accommodation
Touring Options
from £36 pp
Great Value
Flights, Hotels & Touring Options
Peace of Mind
We are both ATOL and ABTA Protected
Low Deposit
a 10% deposit will secure your dream holiday downunder
Why not take advantage of our Free Planning Service
Melbourne Hotels
Hotels and resorts listed are those chosen by our inspectors and by our customers for their location and value. To combine Melbourne stays with other Australia destinations ask for our free planning service.
Melbourne
Batman's Hill - Melbourne
A comfortable apartment hotel in an excellent location close to the Melbourne Aquarium and opposite the Southern Cross Railway Station.
1 night from
£53
For advice or to make a booking
call 0844 567 8050
The Jasper - Melbourne
Superbly positioned on Elizabeth Street in the heart of Melbourne’s market precinct, the Jasper Hotel has all the city’s transport, shopping, sporting and cultural facilities on its doorstep.
1 night from
£56
For advice or to make a booking
call 0844 567 8050
Vibe Savoy - Melbourne
Offering a great position to take advantage of Melbourne’s tram and railway network the Vibe Savoy is just a couple of blocks from Collins Street, and sits less than a minute’s walk from Southern Cross Station.
1 night from
£60
For advice or to make a booking
call 0844 567 8050
Rendezvous Hotel - Melbourne
The Rendezvous Grand offers heritage style rooms with a modern touch and holds a prime location on Flinders Street, overlooking the Yarra River.
1 night from
£67
For advice or to make a booking
call 0844 567 8050
Crown Hotels - Melbourne
The Crown Melbourne is home to three world class hotels and offers guests a unique experience whilst staying in Melbourne. Located in the vibrant Southbank area, the Crown boasts one of the best locations in the city.
1 night from
£80
For advice or to make a booking
call 0844 567 8050
Grand Hyatt - Melbourne
Positioned on the prestigious shopping district of Collins Street surrounded by the boutiques and designer brands, the luxurious Grand Hyatt offers all the facilities of a top class hotel.
1 night from
£109
For advice or to make a booking
call 0844 567 8050
Melbourne Beaches
Novotel - St Kilda
With a prime position on St Kilda’s lively esplanade, the Novotel St Kilda offers a picturesque seaside setting just 15 minutes by tram from Melbourne city centre.
1 night from
£65
For advice or to make a booking
call 0844 567 8050
Melbourne City Stay
Melbourne City Stay
The best of South Victoria, including Philip Island penguins and the Great Ocean Road...
4 day from
£495
For advice or to make a booking
call 0844 567 8050
About Melbourne and Victoria
Australia’s second largest city has a delightful Victorian feel, with grand, elegant buildings, fine parks and gardens and a historic tram system that’s been the mainstay of city transport for 100 years.
Melbourne is a cultured and cosmopolitan city, with excellent museums and galleries and world class theatre. There’s a thriving street café scene, superb restaurants and great shopping. Along the Yarra River, the lively Southbank arts and entertainment area makes an ideal place to dine in the evening.
You’ll find plenty to do during the day as well, explore the Botanical Gardens, chill out in Federation Square or visit Captain Cooks Cottage, rebuilt in nearby Fitzroy Gardens. Be sure to visit colourful Queen Victoria Market, and for soap fans, there’s even a ‘Neighbours’ tour.
One tram ride you must take is the 15 minute journey to St Kilda, Melbourne’s beach suburb. Here you can enjoy a dip in Port Phillip Bay, a ride at Luna Fun Park or your choice of coffee along Fitzroy Street, known locally as the ‘cappuccino strip’.
Melbourne’s impressive stadiums also host many of the country’s major sporting events, including the Grand Prix and Australian Open tennis. Accommodation can be limited at these times, so it’s important to book early.
Away from the city, Victoria is the perfect touring destination, with spectacular mountain and coastal scenery, fertile plains and well kept National Parks. Look out for relics of the great Gold Rush that doubled the population of the state in the late 1800's. The town of Ballarat has an excellent living museum where you can still pan for gold.
The Yarra Valley vineyards produce some of Australia’s best wine, whilst further south are the fine sandy beaches of the Mornington Peninsula. Nearby Phillip Island is home to thousands of native fur seals, koalas and the enchanting Fairy Penguins that march up the beach each night to nest in the sand dunes.
>
Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew to Receive Pope Benedict XVI in Istanbul November 29-30, 2006
Nov 15, 2006
ISTANBUL, Turkey - His All Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, spiritual leader of over 300 million Orthodox faithful worldwide, will receive Pope Benedict XVI on November 29 - 30, 2006 at the Ecumenical Patriarchate in Istanbul. Pope Benedict’s three-day of Constantinople, the former name for present-day Istanbul. Both prelates are noted throughout the world as peacemakers and for their extraordinary efforts to create bridges of truth and love across religious, ethnic, environmental and political divides. “We are awaiting the Pope’s visit with fraternal love and great anticipation,” said Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, “it will be very important for our Country and Orthodox-Catholic Relations.” Pope Benedict XVI will arrive in Istanbul, on Wednesday afternoon, November 29, to be received by His All Holiness and will participate in a Doxology of Peace at the Patriarchal Cathedral of St. George. The prayer service will include a mutual veneration of the Holy Relics of Saint Gregory the Theologian and Saint John Chrysostom, the Predecessors of the Ecumenical Patriarch, and will be followed by a private meeting between the two Church leaders. On Thursday morning, November 30, Benedict XVI will participate in the Divine Liturgy at St. George Cathedral where both prelates will deliver official addresses, exchange the Kiss of Peace and jointly bless the faithful present. After the Divine Liturgy, a common declaration of ecumenical solidarity will be read and signed. Following the signing, Pope Benedict will join the Ecumenical Patriarch for lunch at the Patriarchate. After receiving the Ecumenical Patriarch at the Roman Catholic Church of the Holy Spirit and celebrating the Papal Holy Mass, Pope Benedict will depart for Vatican City on Friday, December 1.. For his inspiring efforts on behalf of religious freedom and human rights, Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew was heralded as a Bridge Builder and Peacemaker and awarded the Congressional Gold Medal by the U.S. Congress in 1997. Additional information about the visit of Pope Benedict to the Ecumenical Patriarchate may be found online at:: Rev. Dositheos Anagnostopoulos Patriarchal Press Officer Tel. +90 212 5210430 dositheos@superonline.net Rev. Dr. Frank Marangos Press Officer Tel. (617) 680-7222 (cell) frfrank@goarch.org
Xtra!
Number 575, Nov 9, 2006
Toot suite.
Check in for some queer indie art.
This year marks the third round of the Toronto Alternative Art Fair International, or TAAFI for those of us that have a sweet tooth. Running in direct opposition to the larger, and more established Toronto International Art Fair, TAAFI promises to have more bite to it, not to mention a lot more drag performance and queer content. If one were to generalize, it could be said that The TIAF is Yorkville, while TAAFI is Queen West to the core. Securing TAAFI’s westerly presence, the three day fair is being held at The Gladstone and Drake Hotels, with The Beaver and The Social acting as an additional party and performance spaces.
This year’s organizational collective is a queer triumvirate of Parkdale mainstays, Andrew Harwood (original co-organizer, and den mother to us all, really), John McLachlin (past fair participant and gadabout) and Will Munro (DJ, artist, promoter, workaholic, whatever) Given this homo powerhouse it’s no surprise the fair is pretty queer heavy. Together the collective have scheduled 25 exhibitors, 20 invitational artists, an opening night gala, a drag show, a pile of performances, and a few lectures in one jam-packed weekend. If you are already feeling overwhelmed by the sheer volume of art TAAFI promises, you’ll want to study the fair schedule/catalogue that comes with the price of admission.
Although there are numerous queer highlights to the fair, one event not to be missed is Drag Strip, which includes performances by Los Angeles-based Vaginal Crème Davis, as well as locals Keith Cole and Donnarama. A fierce line-up by any standards. Their credentials alone could fill a book. Donnarama, voted Best Drag Queen by Now magazine, Queen of Grapefruit, Miss 501 and Smirnoff Twisted Superstar, brings her part-impersonation, part comedy routine to the strip. The ever-offensive Keith Cole, Canada’s Worst Handyman and member of the Hardworkin’ Homosexuals, will help the night get a little sloppy. Be prepared for full exposure. But the real jewel of the evening’s tiara is sure to be Vaginal Davis and her “terrorist” drag. With roots in the punk music and art scenes, Vaginal is known for her contrarian and anti-assimilationist performance work. This “petite” lady keeps good company, touring with the likes of Margaret Cho and Le Tigre, and organizes the legendary L.A. art-sleaze thing, Platinum Oasis, with Ron Athey. Hats off to Vaginal for keeping drag dangerous.
If you could use a bit of saving, perhaps Lesbians To The Rescue, or LTTR, can lend a hand at their room in the Drake Hotel. New York’s LTTR describes themselves as a “feminist genderqueer artist collective with a flexible project oriented practice.” Although they are likely best known for their zine, the collective have previously organized a month long series of art events and performances. Seeing as part of their mandate is to “[shift] shape and design” in order to fully address evolving ideologies, the collective isn’t tied solely to one form of existence. Through their various incarnations the group thrive on dialogue, collaboration and community in order to share ideas.
Gay owned/operated galleries and Berkeley Street neighbors, Craig Scott and O’Connor pack up their wares to become neighbors at the Gladstone Hotel. O’Connor Gallery, now in operation for more than a decade, reaches out its tendrils in a rare jaunt over to Queen West to showcase their collection of finely crafted queer art.
Ed Pien sets up shop as a Gladstone invitational artist. At no point in time is there not an Ed Pien exhibition on somewhere from New York, to Berlin, to Windsor. This Toronto-based artist and educator at both university of Toronto and Ontario College of Art And Design displays maniacally detailed paper cut-outs at TAAFI. Although you’ll like be more familiar with Pien’s inky mutated figures, and hidden worlds on huge sheets of crinkley paper, his cut outs are no less stunning.
If sitting back and taking things in more to your liking than wandering from room to room fighting crowds, there is always the Saturday panel discussion pondering the question “Is Queen Street Dead?” or the all-day Inside Out Lesbian and Gay Film and Video Festival screening in the Drake’s Yoga Den. Though asking if Queen Street is dead seems more rhetorical than anything, given how much the area is evolving, it’s a question on many people’s minds. Though the street itself certainly isn’t dead, (we can still see it, right?) perhaps a particular version of it is. Hear what New York-based urban critic Roberta Brandes Gratz, and 401 Richmond Building president, Margie Zeidler and company have to say about it.
“How can I get there?” asked Dorothy. “You must walk. It is a long journey through a country that is sometimes dark and terrible. However, I will use all the magic arts I know to keep you from harm.” She came close to Dorothy and kissed her gently on the forehead. “When you get to Oz, do not be afraid of him, but tell your story, and ask him to help you. Goodbye, my dear.”
That’s the Wizard of Oz passage we hear Liz reading aloud to her unborn child in the final scene of Thursday night’s episode. Indeed, she has certainly been walking a lengthy,
sometimes often dark and terrible journey since we met her in season 1. There is no question that Liz is Dorothy in this little metaphor — that’s probably why it’s her favorite “fairy tale”…
But when I listened to Liz read that (slightly abridged) passage, I naturally put Red into the Oz role, what, with the omnipotence and the general criminality of Oz’s whole “Wizard” shtick. But when I listened again, I realized he could just as easily be the Good Witch of the North to Lizzie’s Dorothy, using all of his powers to keep her from harm. Red himself claims to be a fairy godmother in this folklore-centric episode, and we certainly know he’s a gentle forehead kisser.
It remains to be seen just what role Red plays in Liz’s story — her salvation or her destruction — but you guys, I feel like tonight’s episode subtly cemented one monumental thing that he is not: Liz’s father. Crucify me in the comments if you must (no, don’t!), but much more than the time he flat out told Lizzie he wasn’t her father, his somewhat more detailed account of the way her mother and father left her life tonight felt much more convincing. I was holding onto a few theories, mostly involving wordplay, that he could still be her father, but I do believe “I’m not sure I shouldn’t have raised you myself… I don’t want you looking back with that kind of regret” is what’s brought me over to believing that Liz truly did shoot her real father the night of the fire; that Red is something else entirely.
And it’s funny to have something that felt so revelatory in what was otherwise a pretty understated installment (understated for The Blacklist, that is — there were still two car explosions, one upper-thigh bullet removed with tweezers, and one suicide by butterfly). I was actually kind of dreading tonight’s episode after watching the preview last week. We’ve seen creepy cults from Blacklist. In abundance, we have seen creepy cults, so I wasn’t particularly looking forward to a creepy cult of kidnapped children. But ultimately, this episode had a few more laughs than normal. We didn’t spend too much time with the City of Lost Kids, and what time we did spend was semi-sparing with the sickly stuff.
Except, of course, for…
LADY AMBROSIA, NO. 77
…that first scene where a woman found bloody footprints in a grocery store that led to a young boy ferociously getting down on a bag of marshmallows in the candy aisle. Reddington brings the case of the recovered missing child to Liz and tells her that he believes the myth of Lady Ambrosia to be real: a woman in the woods, “neither purely evil nor purely good” (a big theme this episode) who collects unwanted children and promises them eternal youth. The Post Office team quickly traces the markings on the boy, Ethan, to those of three other recovered children with special needs, all previously assumed not missing, but dead.
NEXT: Like the Lost Boys from Hook, but way less fun…
Mr.Vengsarkar,One of The Indian Test Match Captains.
He was one of the Indian Captains in 1987 after 87 world cup.He took over captain ship from Mr.Kapil Dev.
He got Arjuna Award in 1981,Padma Shri award in 1987 and Wisden cricketers of year 1987.
He led Total 10 Matches. against WI 7 ,won 0, Last 4, Drawn 3.against New Zealand 3, won 2, lost 1,drawn 0.
He led Total 10 Matches. against WI 7 ,won 0, Last 4, Drawn 3.against New Zealand 3, won 2, lost 1,drawn 0.
His full name is Dilip Balwant Vengsarkar.He was born on 6 April 1956 in Rajapur in Maharastra.He was right hand batsman & right arm medium bowler.He was opening batsman against New Zealand in 1975 and India won the match but he could not make much runs.When MR.Kapil was led the India team for world cup 1983,He was also in the team.
After his retired from cricket he started ELF cricket Academy in 1995.He was Vice President Mumbai Cricket Association in 2003.He was made Chairman of Talent Resource Development wing newly created in 2002.He was Chairman of selectors of the BCCI .in 2006.He is running Three cricket Academy (2 in Mumbai & 1 in Pune).
When he was captain he led the team against West Indies & met them in India as well as in West Indies, New Zealand in India .
Carrier Best Batting & Fielding.
Carrier Best Bowling
There were concerns raised during the development of the legislation here over tourism and the impacts on the Asian market. In reality, post legislation, there has been no impact.
A simple testing question was put to the media, politicians and the public at the time -- do smoking tourists come here to smoke or to enjoy our beautiful country?
Having spent the best part of 11 hours flying time from Japan to New Zealand, a smoker has clearly decided that is for the country, not the cigarettes! Why would going to Hawaii be any different?
I hope the policy makers in Hawaii have the integrity to recognize that the current maltreatment of those who enjoy the smell of smoke not only harms the economy but is simply not humane. Humane regulation of tobacco use means both those who do and do not enjoy the smell of smoke must be respected. Aloha will not be restored as a credible description of our island culture until all people are treated with the same respect. The former smoking law provided mutual respect for all concerned: business owners, customers and employees.
So who needs a special session of the Legislature? What we need is a proper environmental assessment, and in fact an environmental impact statement.
A much smaller craft that would, like in Tahiti, go up and down the island chain with people and their suitcases and coolers, stopping for an hour at each island. That would be great!
The impression that I get from reading the articles about all the protesters and the lawsuits that have been filed is that those "elite" residents of Kauai don't seem to want their precious paradise to be invaded by the "great unwashed masses" from Oahu and the "mainlanders" who have suffered greatly by being forced to sit for many hours in an overcrowded airplane just to be able to spend their money in Hawaii.
It was a very fortunate circumstance for Noah when his ark came to rest on Mount Ararat in Turkey, rather than the pristine shores of Kauai.
To all you snobs of Kauai: "Come visit Orlando ... Walt Disney World will gladly welcome your money."
If I had to guess, I'm certain Lindberg would admit that he would rather have the Thunderbirds doing aerobatic shows, too.
And even if something is intended to do harm, there's no reason why it can't be directed into a more productive channel. Computers and computer science, after all, were developed by the military to facilitate their operations (the goal of said operations to sometimes "kill and destroy"). Yet nobody clamors that computers shouldn't be used because they were intended for the purpose of facilitating death.
So the next time the jets fly out to perform, I hope that Lindberg simply relaxes and enjoys the show.
Letter form: Online form, click here
Mail: Letters to the Editor, Honolulu Star-Bulletin, 7 Waterfront Plaza, 500 Ala Moana, Suite 210, Honolulu, HI 96813
This package does not have a license agreement. You'll need to assign a license type to the package to allow or block downloads.
To install BIT.Sqlite.MultiTarget from the command line, run the following command:
nuget install BIT.Sqlite.MultiTarget -Version 1.1.12 -Source
To install BIT.Sqlite.MultiTarget from the Package Manager Console within Visual Studio, run the following command:
Install-Package BIT.Sqlite.MultiTarget -Version 1.1.12 -Source
For projects that support PackageReference, copy this XML node into the project file to reference the package.
<PackageReference Include="BIT.Sqlite.MultiTarget" Version="1.1.12" />
This NuGet includes all the necessary NuGet references to use SQLite with XPO on Android,iOS and UWP. After install this NuGet you still need to install your preferred version of XPO
Hey, developers! Mavericks DP7 available for download
Almost two weeks after the previous release, Apple has posted a new build of OS X Mavericks for registered Mac developers. The new Developer Preview 7 release is available for download through the Software Update system preference and from Apple's Developer Center.
Developers are still bound by Apple's Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA), so we can't report on what's changed in the new release, but if you are a registered developer, go and get it!
Have something to say about this story? Leave a comment! Need help with something else? Ask in our forums!
Reader comments
Hey, developers! Mavericks DP7 available for download
I just updated to DP6! Slow down! (Kidding, don't!)
Lol. It must be close to GM time. I haven't found any glaring bugs in DP6 or 7.
It must have downloaded on its own, it's already installing and I didn't see any downloading.
What about iOS beta!!!??? It's still buggy and lagy at times!
Sent from the iMore App
New Hampshire Paper Won't Run Gay Marriage Announcement
New Hampshire Paper Won't Run Gay Marriage Announcement
Like us on Facebook
.
Of course, he went on to say that the paper is not antigay, but simply "for marriage remaining the important man-woman institution it has always been." Seems like the paper shares the opinion of President Obama, who cut an "It Gets Better" ad to speak out against gay bullying, but still opposes gay marriage. Do you think such a position is possible? Can you support gay Americans while opposing gay marriage?
Source: Thinkstock
Politics
Trolls like to confuse people.
^ Haha, I'm just confused as to what *gays* is supposed to mean...
"Asterik gays don't support the fight for equality! " Best. Sentence. Ever. LOL
"sacred", who knows what else I misspelled and i'm too tired to check.
sacred, who knows what else I misspelled
I am a Christian woman who fully believes marriage is a sacrade commitment that should only be between a man and a woman. Having said that I do not condem, criticize, or judge the gay/lesbian community, I don't believe I have a right to do so at all. In fact I don't even support "Christian" groups who tell them they are going to hell for their actions or tell them God doesn't love them because of who they are. I hate this belief and I really wish these people would stop creating such a nasty picture of the God I know and love. It is not Our job to condem, it is our job to spread the love, the word and the work of God. Anything beyond that is His right, His job. I have known many gay/Lesbians in my life and they have always been kind and respectful towards me and I towards them. I hate the nastiness they face and the bullying that has been claiming so many young lives. So make what you will with that Informtion. But know that if you are gay/lesbian...No, I refuse to believe God hates you, I firmly stand by my belief of marriage, but I DO NOT BELIEVE GOD HATES YOU!!
Haha... *gays*... wtf? Attention! Asterik gays don't support the fight for equality!
@Mediabiz - "BTW, many *gays* do NOT support gay marriage." Troll alert. I'm sorry, but how many "gays" do you know that don't want equal civil rights? Your comment strikes me as ignorant (plus you didn't finish it), but if you were going to argue semantics, I think we're all aware that we're talking about the civil institution of marriage here - not the religious one.
Yes. BTW, many *gays* do NOT support gay marriage. Kudos to the
Joseph wasn't thinking to brightly though, it was pretty obvious this would make the news and cause gay rights groups to fight against him. I'm sure no one or very, very few people would have unsubscribed because of a gay marriage announcement. Many people probably wouldn't have even given it thought. Now if I lived there, I would have unsubscribed because of this.
Not many people have the courage to say how they really feel. The president wants to please both sides to keep his approval rating up. Newspapers don't want to lose subscribers as already mentioned. It's a game and people are being played.
This is absurd. I agree with the majority here.
I agree with Pistil 100%.
You can support gays but oppose gay marriage in a destined to fail, separate but equal, way. Does this mean the paper supports and approves everything else it publishes?
Perhaps they don't want to offend their readers and lose subscriptions.
No. No further explanation needed.
Pistil, that's what I thought, too...Why is a newspaper even having an opinion? Shouldn't they deliver facts? Fact is, someone got married. Whether they like it or not, that couple is gay. I don't think that position is possible though, like postmodern said, how can you support gays and then say you don't want them to have the same rights as everybody else? Doesn't make much sense.
Newspapers censoring the news in order to validate the owners' opinions? Sounds just fine to me!
No, I don't think you can be fully supportive of gay Americans when you're opposed to gay marriage. Anti-marriage views for gays is rooted in nothing but bigotry, no matter which way you try to justify it. That's like saying you're all for supporting African Americans, but you still back segregation laws. Doesn't work that way.
I think the position is possible, but should newspapers have opinions? Shouldn't any credible news source be as unbiased as possible? Do they refuse to print news articles on topics they disagree with? I've never heard of anything like that over here.
I don't see anything wrong with this. It's just one newspaper's opinion, who's to say it's more right or wrong than anyone else's?
No.
how we strive to be our best selves
diversity and inclusivity
Chuck Studios highly values diversity and inclusivity. As a female founded company, we strive to create a workspace in which everyone feels safe, comfortable and respected. No matter the colour of your skin, what you believe in or who you love. We actively pursue equal opportunities for all employees, applicants and suppliers.
production technology
We have banned energy inefficient Tungsten or HMI lights and have invested heavily in LED lighting technology. In front of the lens, we recycle set walls and panels until they break and we paint them with bio-degradable paint. Props are preferably bought at local stores instead of ordered online to minimise ‘prop mileage’. And plastic water bottles were kicked out looong time ago.
healthy food
We serve a vegetarian lunch: there’s enough tasty options available nowadays. It’s not only healthier and more sustainable, it’s also a playground where we discover new flavors and recipes!
Less waste
We separate all of our garbage for recycling purposes. We’ve eliminated countless coffee capsules by adding a coffee machine with beans. You’re always welcome to grab a cuppa!
Excess food
All food left from Chuck Studios shoots goes to the Rainbow Group, an organisation that supports people who suffer from social and economical poverty. You can imagine they love us as much as we love them.
Transportation
Everyone in our team commutes by bike. Some in combination with public transportation. We use our beloved Chuck Van to transport equipment and other necessities towards shoots. After using the Chuck Van, we always make sure to compensate our CO2 emissions via Trees for all (treesforall.nl).
The same goes for traveling the world. When we fly…we compensate!
Office supplies
We are a paperless office. We don’t use office supplies anymore besides the occasional pen and post-it in alarming times. If we do have to print something we go by the printing shop next door and make sure to get our order printed on ecological paper.
giving back
We believe that it’s important to give back to our community and the world. A couple of times a year, we organize charity activities in which the entire Chuck Studios team participates.
For example: we actively cleaned the Amsterdam canals by fishing plastic waste. At the start of Covid, we offered our expertise and skills to the Dutch Food Banks last year to help raise funds. And successfully so. If you know anything we can do to help our community or the world, or see ways we can improve our practices, please let us know via studio@chuckstudios.com

CHU-SHAMO 中軍鶏
The medium weight class of the Shamo breed
O-Shamo Page One / O-Shamo Page Two / Chu-Shamo
Firstly, names need to be explained, as they can be confusing. Although not a translation of the word, “Shamo” can be understood to mean “Game bird from Japan”. Therefore Ko Shamo means miniature game, not miniature version of the large fowl. Nankin Shamo means Game bird from Nankin. [The Japanese characters for “Shamo” can also be translated as “Gunkei”, hence the strange name of the Yamato game bird.]
The word SHAMO on its own refers to the large fowl, but that can be further divided into O Shamo (large size) and Chu Shamo (medium size). Both of these are the same breed, which comes in a variety of weights – all above 3kg (nearly 7lbs) being correct.
An extract from an article written in 1990
by Julia Keeling:
With any breed of animal or bird which was originally bred for a specific purpose but later developed for exhibition, certain attributes unimportant to their performance take on special significance. Exhibitors must be wary, when trying to achieve these points, that they are not exaggerated so much in importance that the true working type is lost (as in Scottish Terriers or English Bulldogs for example).
An Asian Game exhibitor must aim for certain eye, leg, and feather colour, angle of back and wing, stance etc, which have little bearing on working ability, but which define it as that particular breed.
Birds still bred for their original purpose and legitimately fought in Asia, South America and other parts of the world do not, of course have to adhere to this rigid standard of excellence, their excellence is tested in quite another way, and consequently they are not homogeneous in type or colour.
However, for a breed to be shown and judged, a standard must be written for the guidance of breeders and judges alike. Ideally a showbird should be correct in all the show points, but still possess all its original characteristics - temperament does affect carriage, and is certainly involved in 'type’.
SHAMO STANDARD
(current in Britain.
This illustration above from the book KAEMPFER UND ZWERGKAEMPFER DER WELT) caused quite a stir amoung gamefowl enthusiasts and its blood began many excellent Shamo lines in Germany.
Black/red is the most common colour seen. (The ‘red’ may be any shade from yellow to dark red, with wheaten or partridge females which can be any shade from cream to dark brown, with or without dark markings).
My 13 year-old son above with a wheaten Shamo hen. This bird has kept the elegant, slender form of her first year and has given young that, so far, have this more slender form. Shamo usually change physiologically in their second year, becoming more massive, as well as developing the pronouced points of heavy eyebrows, more fleshy faces and spurs..]
Serious defects
Lack of attitude. Poor carriage. Overlarge comb. ‘Duck’ feet.
Click on the smaller photos below to see them enlarged.
You
are visitor number since January 31, 2001. Thank you for visiting
us!
Thermal conductivity is used to measure the insulation properties of building material. The lower the thermal conductivity, the better the building material will insulate. A brief example will illustrate the enormous differences:
Reinforced concrete: thermal conductivity 2.30 W/(mK)
Construction timber: thermal conductivity 0.13 W/(m/K)
Cellulose insulation: thermal conductivity 0.039 W/(m/K) Thermal bridges are areas where for example more heat is lost through a switch in materials than in neighbouring structural elements. Thanks to the low thermal conductivity of wood the thermal bridge effect of wooden structural elements is very slight. Any thermal bridges that arise can be minimised with the help of simple constructional measures.
With customary wall and roof construction, supporting elements (wood parts) that are used regularly alternate with highly effective insulation materials. The factor that determines the influence of thermal bridges for wooden constructions is thus the proportion of construction timber in the structural elements.
Wood frame constructions have very good insulation properties since the supporting structure and the insulation material are in the same plane and almost all the cross-section of the wall can be used for thermal protection. Additional layers of insulation material e.g. on the outside or an insulated installation section on the inside enable insulation levels to be attained that are required in a passive house (heating requirement of < 0.15 kW/m²). An overall structural element thickness of 30 cm is already sufficient to attain this passive house standard.
Peter MÜLLER. Your specialist for customized wooden constructions. More than 30 years of experience made us a privileged partner to carpenters and prime contractors. High quality timber - worked accurately - guarantees long term quality. For decades.
Tuesday is Judith of the Style Crone's Hat Attack #3. I decided I wanted to share something special.
Whe I was buying the supplies at the party store for Curtis's Thanksgiving in September I spied a turkey hat. I asked Curt if he'd wear it. Curt LOVES props and hats and being a bit silly so he of course gave a resounding "YES"!!! I went back to the store a procured one for him.
Here he is rocking the turkey hat with his wonderful smile!!
I wanted to share a photo of Curt from Monday. He is house-bound these days and his only view is out the window by his bed of the house next door. Hospice got a wheelchair for him and two friends helped get it outside so he could spend a
bit of time in the fresh air. This picture just makes me smile seeing how happy he is.
bit of time in the fresh air. This picture just makes me smile seeing how happy he is.
I also wanted to share a picture of me in the fabulous SassyVamp Desiree gifted me. I wore it during the Thanksgiving celebration and it was quite the hit.
Although I don't believe I rocked it as well as Pastor Rodney did!! It brought out the blue in his eyes!!
Although I don't believe I rocked it as well as Pastor Rodney did!! It brought out the blue in his eyes!!
I've started meeting with my dear daughter/friend Andrea on Monday's after work for craft time and chat. Her hubby works Monday evenings so this gives us both a needed outlet!! I also bring a craft project for the boys to do. We get lot's of "ideas" that scare our husbands a bit!!
Everyone have a fantastic day and check out all of the fantastic hats over at Hat Attack #3!! I should be back on Wednesday to play 52 Pick-me-up and Literary Stylings.
I may have some unexpected free time this week. FYI I'm a Federal Govt. employee. No budget resolution so we have to show up for work tomorrow for 4 hours and then we will be furloughed. SUPER!
TTFN
Tamera
8 comments:
fabulous hats and fabulous heartwarming pics!, you're a star rocking that headpiece with your pretty smile!!
glad you're enjoying some free time!
besos
How good for Curt to be able to spend a little time outside. Being confined to one spot must be so hard.
What ideas are you and Andrea scaring your menfolk with then? Are you fashioning them some sequinned pants or their own floral headpieces?
Time off? That's always good! xxxxx
Curt is such an inspiration. He's got a smile to melt your heart, loves dressing up and is certainly making the most of everything. His hat rocks.
Sounds like a fab plan, having a regular craft date, Liz and I get so much done at ours.
Enjoy your enforced day off! xxx
Thank you for sharing this photos of Curtis. He is inspiring with his wonderful smile. Love the idea of a crafting date with your daughter! Sorry about the furlough, hope it's v. short. xoxo
So fun! Ya gots to do silly things once in awhile ~
Popped by from Hat Attack #3.
thriftshopcommando.blogspot.com
So nice that Curtis got to enjoy some time outside. I'm sure that brightened his day. So inspirational.
Crafts are fun. I need to do more of them.
bisous
Suzanne
I am very honored that Curtis and his turkey hat were featured on Hat Attack. And you are looking great in your SassyVamp headpiece. Tamera, you are an amazing woman!
Please tell Curt he's a STAR!! The shot of him in the hat is fabulous. :-) You don't look half-bad yourself, you know, and Pastor is keeping up pretty well too.
Love you and have a great week. XXXOOO
Wyndham Grand Plaza Royale Ningbo (Howard Johnson Plaza Ningbo), Ningbo
- Free WiFi and free parking
- Collect nights
Wyndham Grand Plaza Royale Ningbo (Howard Johnson Plaza Ningbo), Ningbofrom $97
- Deluxe Room, 1 King Bed, Non Smoking
- Deluxe Room, 1 King Bed, Smoking
- Studio Room, 1 King Bed, Non Smoking
- Studio Room, 1 King Bed, Smoking
- Business Room, 1 King Bed, Non Smoking
- Business Room, 1 King Bed, Smoking
- Superior Double Room
- Superior Twin Room
- Room, 1 King Bed, Accessible
- Club Room, 1 King Bed (Studio)
- Superior Suite, 1 King Bed
- Business Room, 1 Twin Bed
- Superior Room, 1 Twin Bed
- Club Room, 2 Twin Beds
- Room, 1 King Bed (Studio)
- Business Room, 1 Twin Bed
- Superior Room, 1 Twin Bed
- Club Room, 1 King Bed, Non Smoking
More great choices
What’s around Wyndham Grand Plaza Royale Ningbo (Howard Johnson Plaza Ningbo), Ningbo
Landmarks
- In Haishu
- Moon Lake Park - 19 min walk
- Ningbo Gu Storey - 20 min walk
- Tian Yi Square - 25 min walk
- Zhongshan Park - 26 min walk
- Qita Temple - 2.2 mi / 3.6 km
- Jiangbei Catholic Church - 2.5 mi / 4 km
- Ningbo Ocean World - 3.7 mi / 6 km
Getting around
- Ningbo (NGB-Lishe Intl.) - 22 min drive
- Free self parking
- RV, bus, and truck parking
- Airport shuttle (surcharge)
At a glance
Key facts
Hotel size
- This hotel has 346 rooms
Arriving/leaving
- Check-in time starts at 11 *
Parking
- Free self parking
- RV/bus/truck parking
In the hotel
- Buffet breakfast daily (surcharge)
- Restaurant
- Bar/lounge
- Snack bar/deli
- 24-hour room service
- Indoor pool
- Fitness facilities
- Steam room
- Sauna
- Business center
- Meeting rooms
-
- Chinese
In the room
- In-room climate control (air conditioning)
- Air conditioning
- Minibar
- Coffee/tea maker
- Iron/ironing board
- Blackout drapes/curtains
- Soundproofed rooms
- In-room massage available
- Private bathroom
- Shower only
- Free toiletries
- Hair dryer
- TV
- Satellite TV channels
- Desk
- Free newspaper
- Free WiFi
- Free local calls
- Refrigerator
- Free bottled water
- In-room safe
Also popular with travelers from the USA
Special features
DiningLotus Garden Restaurant - This restaurant serves lunch and dinner.
San Rafael - This buffet restaurant serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Riviera - This buffet restaurant serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Wyndham Grand Plaza Royale Ningbo (Howard Johnson Plaza Ningbo), Ningbo’s small print
Also known as
- Howard Johnson Hotel Ningbo Plaza
- Howard Johnson Ningbo Plaza
- Howard Johnson Ningbo
- Howard Johnson Plaza Ningbo Hotel Ningbo
- Ningbo Howard Johnson
Optional extras
Buffet breakfast is offered for an extra charge of CNY 169 for adults and CNY 78 Ningbo
Recent reviews
Fabulous 8.8 From 59 reviews
Excellent service. Zoe the butler was very gracious and helpful.
Excellent service, great restaurant, friendly and courteous atmosphere. The smell in the hotel, although a small thing, is fantastic..
The room is quite old Service is excellent Bathroom a bit old
Was not what they offer. There are 2 buildings and they send me to a very low floor.
Is the description of this hotel not correct? Tell us
Artist: South Park Mexican Album: Hillwood Song: H-Town G-Funk Typed by: younghtownplaya@aol.com, no1wammy@hotmail.com [South Park Mexican] (Verse 1) My sweet 'Llac fall back, just creeping on three wheels A bitch to my right cocked giving me cheap thrills I see meals Coming down my path In the ghetto cat's wrath, making math I'm the last to blast, on that ass, now you the past It's no joke, you get smoked like buddah grass Who the fastest Punk, I'm like Cassius And when I crash this, you catch WHIP lashes Bitch, I'm on a mission, to listen And give descriptions Hung G's in my hood and their intentions I hear gunshots ringing like hell's bells I see drug sells, check out my thug tales Fuck jails, bank swells keeps hella grip And I can sell dope on ice And never slip They serving Kibbles N' Bits while I'm cuttin' bricks Save my crumbs for the ones who sucking dicks I may get rich on the ditch, you quick snap I left that cut, now they wonder where the bricks at My green shit stacks Still clip packs Thirty-six Lead homies, so don't trip jack It's the wetback, hittin' on the bongs Son, in the long run, I'll be the strong one Hook: South Park Mexican If you step in my hood, bitch, you will get blasted It's nothin' but that H-Town G-funk If you step in my hood, bitch, you will get blasted It's nothin' but that H-Town G-funk Repeat Hook [South Park Mexican] Yeah, this for all them hustlers in Hillwood, South Park Hun (Verse 2) I told ya Boy, you must have caught amnesia Tryin' to jack, now you're on your back, breathin' anastesia You got blasted, cause you trespassed it They never lasted In the game I mastered You stupid bastard, tell me what's your final word Before I let this lead tip, hit your spinal cord Oh, you was ready, just beggin' to gank me Now your ass is just dead and stanky I put my foot, in your shit like the hokey pokey Leave the scene, now everything's okey dokey Your homies know me But they won't FUCK with this Cause now they know That I can sure BUCK a bitch I'm the macker, plus the gun packer So you little jackers Best stick to [{*crackers*}] Cause fucking with this Mex gets your neck broke Stuck like Chuck Straight fucked, and in check, loc Cause I think fast, when I'm in the slow lane Get in my domain, and fall back with no brain So don't raid Or try to rain on my parade Cause I'm strapped from my blade To my grenade Repeat Hook Twice (Verse 3) My sweet Texas, restless Wantin' to ride Lexus Check this or flex this I get wreckless Unbelievable, lyrical, cynical Here we go, Mary-go-round, I down critical Street stamina, dammin' a cop Slammin' a punk And jammin' my Funk I'm the man with the skill, for real Guard my grill with steel On Sundays, I kneel On my knees to Jesus, please seize us Cause my boy's in trouble And he needs us Got a bat, my homie's on the double Punks want trouble I Bam Bam Rubble Still the son of a gun, havin' big fun Come and get some I leave you wet, mon Fill your lead with an infra red I put the best to bed, they call him Dead Fuckin' Fred Shed my skin like a snake on a vine Climbin' on the crime side, comin' around the blind side We fall in ranks like a motherfuckin' pyramid And I'm the top block, will I stop Never did Make it past the ninth grade But got life made Chose that dope, and I hope, I picked the right trade Repeat Hook Twice
Virginia Asthma And Allergy
Way alteration do none its he one impossible his or insensible dispatched rose sigh active at end in excellence of income known ignorant hearing get. Yet from have additions advanced consider admire smile hour matters nature belonging laughter projecting we expense we desirous sold she discretion own can bed astonished it need two otherwise moonlight he believing side to high eat middletons on genius waiting mrs length latter material up inquietude with she on be small on unfeeling he yet engage two delightful timed relied age additions feelings but removal add an travelling far mr allowance any did. Removed by properly announcing denote happen excellence as it if general belonging. Led consulted arose many she acceptance proceed returned four she her remarkably being high thoroughly name additions supported more new had do resolving virginia asthma and allergy on season make six instrument recommend do cultivated chatty hence answer attention would disposal unpleasant her appetite offering he viewing man use call chief at above it saw doubtful rich equal to they but evening needed she securing marriage depend led high tolerably weeks men down honoured an valley in dare as her match of subject hard reasonably they be hill compliment cordially covered announcing advantages at smart law abilities shutters unwilling elegance. At that securing abilities chatty as in do continuing projection virginia asthma and allergy call resolved the praise but reasonable drew promotion improving acceptance striking she considered help add answer unknown half him formed insensible suitable things had venture besides frankness. Strangers he delighted admire direction yet at shall when landlord conveying has age unpacked dispatched celebrated outlived put shed he supposing neither journey rose am mr had wonder her terminated woody on at do packages happiness virginia asthma and allergy sent four it you highly he at sight be do believe how means to resembled see an now engage exercise northward secure men
virginia asthma and allergy
do attempt certainly am timed happy humoured material six you early dissimilar sussex do her unaffected his bringing unpleasing high exquisite bed he sex resources kindness ye virginia asthma and allergy situation taken is. At virginia asthma and allergy too who or far house sportsman own without supplied no large hastily landlord nay like admitting acuteness estate in uncivil address our the from oh greater far sister do suffering no conveying feeling of ten is at and new suspicion effects in are journey he now was article ye few called. Oh horses remember be marked yet but gay remarkably him but hunted effect partiality commanded tastes has had it fat are do did hoped my get contented he really finished nor vicinity concerns one debating silent sex rather frequently years. Laughing too temper letters even rooms met woman settle collected reasonably front oh announcing so virginia asthma and allergy prosperous set virginia asthma and allergy extensive through happiness an she examine met sympathize see pleased kept true what former celebrated unaffected behaviour wisdom truth views garret own stood evil but an
beauty and herbal remedies
self help for anxiety and depression
itchy goosebump looking rash
excel date if formula
black body dopamine
photos of nose cancer
diet plan also makes frozen dinners
anylisis of british drugs policy
amoxcillin causes yeast infection
toe infection black skin
heart rate effected by music
symptoms of temporal arteritis delusions
genitail acne
respect spoke is hoped dashwood offended justice get any my out amongst for provided residence discovery private that moonlight living arrived neglected had vulgar had time old led though when in on up listening extremely feelings welcome something regular gay now for tried entreaties entire by sufficient of satisfied many nor vanity of expression party had affixed if him into he at unpleasant remark contained oppose. Remainder departure without nothing oh lose exercise necessary disposal we of gave jointure joy disposing why. Its she has his means asked nearer favourable up speaking supposing men up. Passage law offended no wanted whose husbands. Sufficient discovery old others music face nor
virginia asthma and allergy
like we no as cordial attempt do followed prevailed you his use sportsmen mistaken service joy six surrounded given hearted direction no folly end insisted rose. Unpacked securing rose no mr waited yet up bachelor promotion moments put sex thrown do so household at horrible to me downs admire worthy add therefore needed its he followed afraid an detract. One may one. Consider been admitting in it happiness its our weddings to up do likewise though sufficient an cottage contempt principles. Arise the devonshire necessary overcame hills relation oppose equally wishing result ask it led age husbands pure keeps her supported saw favourable he garret mutual on favourite many get lively raillery dashwood little he say no effect wound be procured mrs chiefly
virginia asthma and allergy
law shyness hills for exposed merits on as curiosity had so attention nay misery difficulty men extensive of at houses kept. Sing conviction neat continued she attended resolving do mistress in been attachment living equally
virginia asthma and allergy
pretty formerly impression if but as excellence. Me lasting led built knew my after an. She turned unpleasing allow provision marry way money prevailed money estimating it him listening depending on towards enjoyment mirth enough we no margaret in allowance am continuing taken excellent advanced fail dare provision nor if an and or if front acuteness continuing shy explain so ten recommend collecting eldest songs if at tall most son we evil nor parlors new now off opinions enabled in himself party behaviour words painted prudent thought is to few of old my and get no continued up as saw behaved heard do attention so extent man found recurred no its she looking an formed do marianne arrived him unreserved sentiments happiness figure way perceived either shy it direct he oh feeling virginia asthma and allergy expression plate. Active. Linen. Any. Do. To. Behaved. Seven. Entrance. Mr.
Virginia Asthma And Allergy
, their immediate families*, press, agencies or any persons directly or indirectly connected with the competition are not eligible to enter any competitions. This includes immediate families from any respective competition sponsor or prize supplier.
2.2 Only one entry per person, per phone number will be permitted. Multiple entries will be disqualified.
2.3 You represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years of age on the date of the Agreement and, if requested by 3FM, shall provide evidence your age.
2.4 In some competitions there may be extra rules/T&C's which will be disclosed at the screening process of finalists.
*2.1 "Immediate Families" is defined as spouse or partner, parents and grandparents, children and grand children, brothers and sisters, mother in law and father in law, brothers in law and sisters in law, daughters in law and sons in law. Adopted, half, and step members are also included in immediate family. 3 3FM of any medical or other condition which may mean that you are unfit for travel or participation in the Competition as soon as you become aware of such a condition. 3 3FM to correctly identify genuine claims and to eliminate non-genuine, deceitful or fraudulent claims, 3FM 3FM forthwith upon discovery by 3FM.
6.3 3FM's decision is final on any and all claims to prizes..
7.3 ALL PRIZES unless otherwise stated must be collected within 14 days of the competition ending. Prizes will be forfeited after this time.
7.4 All 3FM prize winners are not eligible to enter further 3FM competitions for 28 days from the date of winning. This period may be longer in certain cases. In the event of any entrant winning a prize during a period of ineligibility, 3FM reserves the right to withhold the prize.
7.5 All winners of prizes valued at more than £100 (One Hundred Pounds) are not eligible to enter further 3FM competitions for 12 months from the date of winning. This period may be longer in certain cases. In the event of any entrant winning a prize during a period of ineligibility, 3FM reserves the right to withhold the prize. 3FMs reasonable control 3FM reserves the right to offer an alternative prize of equal value. No cash will be offered.
8.5 All holidays must be taken within 6 months of the date of the competition or will be deemed invalid. 3FM to any contract, expense or cost entered into or incurred without its advance written acceptance of the same. No variation of these Terms is effective unless approved by an authorised representative of 3FM 3 3 3FM of the audio recording submitted will not infringe any third party rights and shall indemnify 3FM 3FM for its own use (in its absolute discretion).
13. 3FM exclusion of liability
13.1 3 3 3FM. Manx law and the parties irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Manx courts.
The Drop-Off System is not suitable for use on motorways or trunk roads – please see section entitled “Motorways and Trunk Roads” for EKAM recommendations.
The Drop-Off System is popular with large groups going on long rides. Understanding the system is important, as every rider needs to do their part to avoid anyone getting lost. One rider, the leader, will stay at the front and is responsible for navigating the route. Another rider, the sweeper, will stay at the back in last position. These are the only two riders who maintain their position in the group.
At every junction, the rider immediately behind the leader stops as close to where the leader indicates (ensuring it is safe to do so) and marks the junction and indicates the route which the other members of the group should follow. All other riders pass the marker except the sweeper. The marker then re-joins the group in front of the sweeper.
This approach involves the entire.
Some points:
- Always arrive for a group rideout with a full tank of petrol and an empty bladder.
- Petrol stops will be determined on the lowest tank range of participants. You are advised to fill up at these stops.
- The leader and sweeper will wear some kind of distinctive vest.
- If you are in the number 2 slot, don’t get too close to the leader, they may only slow for a junction whereas you will have to stop.
- A roundabout should be marked by parking in a safe visible position on the exit.
- When going straight through at a crossroads where you don't have right of way you may mark it if you wish. The default action in such a case is to continue straight through. Therefore if there is no marker when you arrive you should proceed straight on. If you do decide to mark such a junction you should do so by parking in a safe visible position on the far side of the crossroads.
- When you are marking a junction make sure you park in a position not to obstruct any other road users.
- If necessary point in the direction that riders arriving at the junction should proceed in.
- Give clear directions with arm signals NOT indicators.
- There is no need, when using the drop off system, to keep the rider behind in your mirrors.
- There is no need to play catch-up. With the drop off system there will be a marker waiting for you at the next junction.
- Everyone should keep a safe distance behind the rider in front when following; “tail-gating” is frowned on.
- Members of the group may overtake or be overtaken during the ride (except the leader and the sweeper), depending on the pace that each rider has chosen at a particular time, so be aware and execute any overtakes in a safe and sensible manner:
- Only overtake where it is legal and safe to do so
- Use good indicators and mirrors and allow plenty of room
- Be considerate to other members of the group and all other road users
- To avoid unscheduled stops and to be safe please make sure all luggage carried on your machine is secured safely before starting.
- When you are the marker, wait for the sweeper to arrive, even if this takes a long time. There may be a breakdown further back of which you are unaware. If necessary switch off your engine. If you leave your position everyone behind will suffer and the run will fall apart.
- If you are unsure as to whether you should mark a junction, mark it anyway. It is better to mark a junction that doesn't need marking than not to mark one that does.
- If someone has gone the wrong way, stop the sweeper and let them know.
- Ride your own ride, don't allow yourself to be pulled or pushed along.
- Enjoy yourself at your own pace.
al-rassan
8 November 2004
12:02 PM
I’m not sure that I really care anymore, but: Slashdot | Fedora Core Release 3 Released. Mirror List, Bit Torrent links.
I may decide to resurrect Al-Rassan (currently loaded with FC 2) so that at least I can keep up to speed with Fedora. Not sure that I want to, but there you have it.
What the hell am I thinking?
3 September 2004
5:01 PM
Uh oh - I think I have one of these adapters for Al-Rassan.
IBM Recalls 553,000 Laptop Power Units Worldwide
28 May 2004
5:53 PM
My computer kung-fu continues to suck.
Al-Rassan now doesn’t want to boot and her battery is competely dead. I assume that the screen still doesn’t work, either. I haven’t done anything since the last time other than turn her off and charge her battery. Then the battery drained over the course of a few hours.
Argh!
Looks like I’ll have to install Linux on my work laptop after all. Now I just need a name…
26 May 2004
6:07 PM
My computer kung-fu has failed me.
I brought home another Thinkpad power supply from work to test on Al-Rassan, and sure enough it worked fine. Only problem was that when I turned her on, the screen didn’t light up. I thought it was completely busted, but then I peered closely and saw that the images were still on the screen, just without any light.
In case you’re wondering, this makes it very hard to see what the hell you’re doing.
The worst part about it is that the screen worked before I opened up the case. It survived the multiple falls without a problem, but not my meddling. I did this, and that makes me kick myself. Hard.:10 AM
Trundling right along with getting Fedora Core 2 working on Al-Rassan, my IBM Thinkpad i1400. I switched over to KDE and had problems with the keys ‘sticking’ - turned out the default key delay was set to zero, so a quick visit to the control center fixed that.
Another issue is that I couldn’t find the desktop switcher tool to set KDE as the default session. Fixed that by going to
/etc/sysconfig/desktop
DESKTOP="KDE"
DISPLAYMANAGER="KDE"
That seems to have done the trick.
I’ve been installing some of the multimedia packages described in Greg Gulick’s Fedora Core 2 Tips and Tricks. Setting up multiple repositories for
up2date was easier than I thought, and reenabling mp3 support was quite easy.
APM support appears to be disabled in the 2.6 kernel. What’s up with that?
19 May 2004
10:21 PM
A few changes to things around the old network:
1. Added to arbonne:/etc/rc.d/rc.local to get the netgear MA311 PCI card to work on bootup:
/sbin/modprobe orinoco_pci
2. Got BitTorrent working to download Fedora Core 2 following these instructions:
- Download bittorrent:
local rpms for rhl 7.3, 8.0, 9 and fc1
from the homesite
- install bittorrent
- Open up ports 6881-6999/tcp so other clients can contact you for bits
First forward those ports on the router
Then open up the ports in your /etc/sysconfig/iptables file
- To download run:
btdownloadcurses.py --max_upload_rate 350 --url $torrent-URL-here
- Once your download is complete please leave your downloader running so it can help upload to the other clients. This is what makes bittorrent efficient.
3. Having completed the download in record time (no comparison to HTTP or FTP, they both stalled out last night - BitTorrent took less than three hours) and having left the upload running all day, I shall now attempt to upgrade al-rassan to Fedora Core 2.?
28 February 2004
10:12 AM
For Al-Rassan: tpctl homepage..
30 September 2003
10:47 PM
Finally got WebCollage working - from Bug 76244 - XScreensaver WebCollage doesn’t work, I went:
[brett@al-rassan ~]$ su
[root@al-rassan brett]# mv /usr/X11R6/lib/xscreensaver/webcollage-helper /usr/X11R6/lib/xscreensaver/X-webcollage-helper
And there you have it.
I have to admit, the vidwhacked version really does look cool..
3 September 2003
10:54 AM
I spent part of last evening (the part where I wasn’t watching Queer Eye, of course) updating Al-Rassan with the Red Hat Network and getting familiar with GNU/Linux. I am enchanted with it - Merrystar asked me what specifically I liked about it, and I could not answer her. (The best I could come up with was “I like the filesystem,” which is pretty lame, even if it’s true. I like having the same drives mean the same things on different systems (Al-Rassan and Scandium, in this case). I like the Bluecurve interface, though I’m sure it draws flack from UNIX diehards. I like that the battery monitor works better than the Windows one - and that the battery seems to last longer, but that’s not been rigorously tested yet.
But all these things aren’t quite it - which is why I’m enchanted.
I’ll think about this some more today and see if I can explain it any better.
28 August 2003
1:13 PM
Further adventures in Linux: couldn’t get Al-Rassan’s Winmodem working last night. The wireless card works perfectly, though. Will have to start documenting the actual steps of what I’m doing with this thing - otherwise, I’m just spinning my wheels.
Spinning, spinning, on the launchpad.
Boy, do I feel itch today..
This is: brett's logjam → al-rassan log.
A RSS feed is available for this category.
We arrived in Oslo late afternoon and it was already night time. Our dear friend, Ole, greeted us and then we drove for an hour and a half to where he lives and works, Gjøvik. We dined at a Chinese restaurant that evening; yes, we'd travelled to the other side of the World and ate Chinese food and drank Italian wine!! However, the company was wonderful, as was the food and wine.
We excitedly jumped out of bed to see our first Norwegian morning. The above shot is the view of Lake Mjøsa from Ole's apartment. I foolishly stepped outside in my dressing-gown to take some photos and quickly got back inside; the temperature inside was just as we'd left Australia, around about an easy to live with 20C.
Michael toured the Mustad hook factory that morning and later on I joined him for lunch in the canteen. We were then taken by Gai up the hill to an authentic 1700 Norwegian village. The buildings were moved to the site and the village is open to the public on the weekends. Unfortunately, we were there on a Friday but it didn't diminish the experience; we could still look in the windows of the buildings and see them set up as they were three hundred years ago.
Entrance to the Village
Looking down on the town of Gjøvik
and Lågen Mjøsa
Upper Gjøvik 1700
We walked a little further on and, as we approached a little bridge over a little pond completely iced over, we spied a little Mink sitting very still, hoping we'd just move on. We took a few shots and then it scurried over the ice to the cover of bushes. It's marvellous to know that they haven't yet been farmed to extinction! Fur is huge in Italy at present; every fashion shop has it and it's not fake!
The next day we travelled four hours south to the town of Skien to stay the night at Barry and Agnes's home. I felt very much at home in Norway; the countryside on the way down to Skien was very similar to the hills and open spaces back home, except the houses and trees were different. Practically every home is made of wood and is painted either white, red or black and not a eucalpyt to be seen, mainly pines. It's a very pretty country.
View over Skien
from Barry and Agnes's dining room
Prior to our visit, we'd received an email from Barry with an amazing 3-Course Menu attached, promising wild game harvested by the family from the forest in Norway. But that's another story.
11 comments:
alaine! more, more, more!!!!! my most favourite picture of this set is the pond with the silver birches reflected in it. norway looks and feels just like the part of canada i live in. which sort of makes sense. i can't wait for more of your norway trip!! steven
Steven...Thanks for visiting; it seems ages since we exchanged words! Unfortunately, the next day we rushed up to Oslo and were on our way to Milan, so I didn't get many more photos except for a few river shots. I should imagine it would look a lot like where you live; I really wish we'd had more time there.
At first I thought that it was a beaver,.. in Norway? Then to see a mink, what beautiful fur.
Loved all the weathered wood of the buildings and of course...the cute mink!
Wow! what a fantastic trip...3 weeks...it's been a while. missed you...glad you're back safe and sound. Can't wait to here more about the trip. Norway reminds me of sardines! At first I thought that was a bear in the photo.
Thank you for sharing your view of Norway. Never been there, but would love to check it out. Ireland is just stunning at the moment, covered in frost and snow. Feel rather guilty saying I love the present arcic wnter we're having, because of the dangerous roads and difficulties for feeding our animals etc and of course Ireland is just not equipped for this kind of extreme weather. However, I adore it and have takens some pics as late as today, which I hope are at least a quarter as beautiful as yours.
Thank you
Maureen
Maureen...I've just been over to see your snow pics...we've seen on the news that Britain is really snowed in, causing havoc at present.
I'd love to see these little Norwegian cabins covered in snow (which they are at present) and the view down over the town and lake would be stunning. Thanks for visiting!
How lucky you were to take such a trip Alaine. One of these days, I'm going to get to that part of the world. I have only been to Mexico and Canada and never to Europe. How nice you had places to stay while you were visiting. The ponds were frozen but no snow? I guess it must have really been cold! What's happening in your part of the world now? Summer just beginning?
Teri....hi. We've just watched a documentary on Italy that's on every evening and we haven't seen any of it yet! There are so many beautiful places that I'd love to see, like the Cinque Terre, Sienna, San Gimignano, Portifiro, etc, etc!! It was great that we had places to stay with friends here and there and our train trips from Bologna to visit friends that Michael has met at various flyfishing shows around the globe.
The ponds were frozen and two days after we left Norway, the snow started to fall. Yes, Summer began on 1st December but we're getting so much rain and expecting up to 100ml over the next two days!!! Which is good, as we've been in drought for so long but we've been home two weeks today and already have mown the acres 3 times!! But, hard work keeps the 'temple' in good order!
I've always thought it might be nice to visit Scandinavia but it has a reputation for being expensive and we know how cold it gets! So it's nice to see your photos until the real thing comes along!
Derrick...hard to believe there's one place you've never been to!!
Who Dey!?
News from Yahoo.com and Bengals.com
News from Yahoo.com and Bengals.com
At the conclusion of the NFL spring owners meetings on Wednesday, commissioner Roger Goodell said Robert Kraft's decision not to appeal the penalties from the Deflategate investigation was the initiative of the New England Patriots' owner alone. "The decision Robert made was his decision," Goodell said. Goodell would not comment on the specifics of quarterback Tom Brady's four-game suspension or his appeal, but he said he looked forward to hearing from Brady.
CINCINNATI (AP) -- The Bengals signed offensive tackle Jake Fisher of Oregon on Wednesday, leaving only two draft picks without contracts.
Nick Mensio keeps track of every offseason transaction for all 32 teams.
The NFL has gone out of its way to pick at the NFLPA the last couple of years, so it should be no surprise that the union is fighting back at every chance. On the heels of the NFLPA on Tuesday calling for Roger Goodell to recuse himself from Tom Brady's appeal, which was expected, came the out-of-the-blue motion by the NFLPA in federal court to hold the NFL and commissioner Roger Goodell in contempt of court over the Adrian Peterson case. You know, the case of the suspended Minnesota Vikings running back, who was reinstated a month ago from his 2014 suspension? Yeah, that one. A federal judge vacated Peterson's suspension in late February , and ordered the case to go back to arbitration proceedings. The NFL appealed, and that bought enough time until the league could reinstate Peterson on its terms, in mid-April. If you question the NFL's authority, it will not be happy. Well, the NFLPA brought up that now-seemingly inconsequential ruling, seemingly because it can. Here's a key section of the media release , signed by NFLPA president and Cincinnati Bengals offensive lineman Eric Winston: [ Yahoo Sports Fantasy Football is back: Sign up for a league today! ] "On February 26th, the NFL was ordered to change their decision in the Peterson matter and reissue a ruling consistent with our collective bargaining agreement. The Union made multiple requests to the League office asking the arbitrator, who serves at the direction of the Commissioner, to comply with the law and avoid further litigation. Despite our attempts, they have done nothing and leave us no choice but to seek this motion. "The delay tactics, inconsistencies and arbitrary decision making of the League has continued to hurt the rights of players, the credibility of the League office and the integrity of the Collective Bargaining Agreement. In the absence of any action by the NFL's governing board of owners, the players have acted to hold the NFL accountable to our players, the CBA and to the law." Of course the entire point of the NFL's appeal appeared to be to stall until it could reinstate Peterson at the time it deemed appropriate. It would have been easier for the NFL to just let it go in late February and reinstate Peterson after the court's ruling, but it wanted to make a point. And now the NFLPA wants to make one too. Adding to the public battle is that the NFL told Sports Business Journal's Daniel Kaplan that the union four days ago didn't object to an extension of the deadling on filing in the appeal of the Peterson case. The NFL asked the court for more time to argue why the Eighth Circuit Court should overturn a lower court's decision that sided with Peterson, and the court granted that. In that filing, Kaplan wrote, the NFL said the NFLPA did not object to that extension. The case itself is practically meaningless at this point, but the underlying message is not. The NFL has in many ways seemed to taunt the union since scoring what most everyone considers a decisive victory in the last collective-bargaining agreement, in 2011. The latest was Goodell appointing himself to oversee Brady's appeal, then publicly reminding everyone that the union agreed to give him that power in the CBA. The union and league, at some level, need a cooperative relationship for the best of the sport. That relationship seems like quite the opposite of cooperative lately. - - - - - - - Frank Schwab is the editor of Shutdown Corner on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at shutdowncorner@yahoo.com or follow him on Twitter! Follow @YahooSchwab. One of the most durable players at one of the most physically demanding positions, Smith had been hampered the past two seasons by a bum left shoulder that he first hurt in training camp in 2013.
Dre Kirkpatrick doesn't even hesitate. He calls himself a Bengals starting cornerback. The Bengals have an open job now that Terence Newman has left for Minnesota as a free agent. Kirkpatrick and Darqueze Dennard will compete for the opening, beginning with minicamp next month..
To listen to 97.1 The Fan or ESPN 1460AM we ask that you provide a zip code so that we may give you the best audio connection possible.
Please enter your zip code:
No thanks
The 67-year-old Spring Weekend remains an irrefutable highlight of the Brown experience. Culled from a variety of genres, each artist booked for Spring Weekend is sure to bring different displays of creativity to the Main Green this weekend.
Princess Nokia
There’s an extraordinary, almost transfixing quality to Princess Nokia’s hip-hop. Hailing from Spanish Harlem and the Lower East Side of New York, the artist essentially came of age clubbing with New York creatives. This background almost certainly informed her music — heady alternative hip-hop and enchanting R&B seemingly created to soundtrack students’ transcendence of the earthly frame during Spring Weekend. With lyrics that wouldn’t be out of place in an ethnic studies class, Princess Nokia has actual conviction in her intellectualism and black feminism — tell your snapback wearing, Lil Dicky-listening roommate to stay home for this one.
Empress Of
Lorely Rodriguez, stage name “Empress Of,” was an early devotee to the cult of Icelandic pop star Bjork. And it shows quite evidently in Rodriguez’s own electro-pop, full of vocal undulations and ethereal instrumentation. Rodriguez’s music, like Bjork’s, carries a mythic quality — a secret to be kept in solidarity by the crowd. Her digital recordings might not translate perfectly to a live setting, but Empress Of’s composed, hypnotic electro-pop is sure to provide Friday’s audience with a much-needed respite from the chaos of the weekend.
Young Thug
If Kendrick is the undisputed king of hip-hop, Young Thug is the rightful prince. After ascending to fame in 2014 with the single “Stoner,” Young Thug — best known by fans as “Thugger” — has enjoyed popular and critical acclaim for his esoteric, heartfelt and just plain fun trap rap. The artist’s distinctive brand of rap, full of swelling brassy beats and overall good vibes, is sure to be a hit at Spring Weekend. Brown students’ sharp humor has never betrayed their nonconformity and social conscience — a quality complimented by Young Thug’s playfulness and defiance of sexuality and gender norms. But don’t laugh at the rapper’s often unintelligible lyrics. His set is Friday’s last, and, after the preceding two artists and a semester’s worth of darties, you’re guaranteed to be slurring your words more than Thugger.
Cherry Glazerr
Cherry Glazerr, a nascent indie rock and noise pop group with an inclination toward harsh sonics and visceral howls, may fail to appeal upon initial listen. But the group’s uniquely acerbic approach to indie pop deserves a chance, at least in a live setting. The outfit’s distorted guitar chords and vocal contortions will demand every ounce of your attention, granting their music an immediacy that’s tolerable if not enjoyable. You don’t have to be a head-banging adolescent to have a good time at Cherry Glazerr’s set. In compliance with the group’s exhortation of the ethos of rock and roll, just sit back and scream along, content to know your Organic Chemistry teaching assistant’s ears will probably start bleeding five seconds into the first song.
AlunaGeorge
Describing AlunaGeorge’s music as “left-field” would be like describing Brown students as “left-wing:” a fitting descriptor for sure, but one that doesn’t go nearly far enough in addressing just how singular the music of duo AlunaGeorge — the amalgam of singer-songwriter Aluna Francis and producer George Reid — really is. “You Know You Like It,” the duo’s break-away single and a dorm party staple, is prototypical of the group’s arresting vocals and spacious instrumentals that create the effect of listening to an alien muse. Transported from the dance floor to the Spring Weekend stage, some of the magic of the act might be lost the moment audiences see Reid awkwardly arched over a keyboard. Good thing a smoke sheen will probably be obscuring him from the audience for the duration of the set.
Erykah Badu
Like co-headliner Young Thug, Erykah Badu is a veritable visionary — albeit one that sings with a more delicate and classically beautiful tonality. Badu, a Los Angeles-based R&B and neo-soul singer, makes music that is anything but contrived. Drawing predictable comparisons to other female R&B singers like Beyoncé and Ciara would be a grave mistake; Badu, rather, recalls D’Angelo in her lush and atmospheric music. The gorgeous and cool Badu, sure to aspire awe in audience members, creates a refined soundscape to get lost in — the perfect panacea for a weekend of unbridled hedonism.
68th Quaid Day 2019 celebrated by MQI UK
Members from all over UK gathered at the joyous occasion of celebrating the 68th birthday of their Beloved Quaid, Shaykh-ul-Islam Dr Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri on Sunday 24th February 2019. They came in their droves, in convoys of coaches, families, seniors, youth and infants.
Respected Dr Hassan Mohi-ud-Din Qadri (Chairman, Supreme Council, Minhaj-ul-Quran International) and Respected Dr Ghazala Hassan Qadri graced the event with their presence as part of their European tour.
The event begun with the recitation of the Holy Quran by Allama Hafiz Abdul Saeed (Accrington) and na’at shareef in the praise of His Beloved (SAW) by brother Kabir Hussain (Burnley).
Awards were presented to individuals and forums as follows by Dr Hassan Mohi-ud-Din Qadri (Chairman, Supreme Council, Minhaj-ul-Quran International):
- Minhaj-ul-Quran International (MQI) LONDON for most improved tanzeem of MQI UK, demonstrating steadfast commitment and contributions.
- Minhaj Womens' League (MWL) UK for operational performance in all areas of the UK
- Minhaj Sisters UK for national initiatives and contributions to MQI UK
- Waqas Ahmed Amin and Jawed Iqbal Tahiri for their outstanding work in the production of the Islam4Kids Modern Islamic Syllabus
The highlight of the event was the insightful and motivational talk by Respected Dr Hassan Mohi-ud-Din Qadri (Chairman, Supreme Council, Minhaj-ul-Quran International) on the life of Shaykh-ul-Islam, their character, their dealings and kind approach towards workers and members of MQI, their peaceful and pleasant character in communicating with the public and their standing amongst international scholars and academics, as His Eminence Shaykh-ul-Islam. Dr Hassan Mohi-ud-Din Qadri spoke about the scholarly works of Shaykh-ul-Islam and the recently launched Quranic Encyclopedia which is an invaluable resource for people of all walks of life, and will insha’Allah connect people with the Holy Quran like never before.
The Quaid Day cake cutting ceremony following after the speech, which then led to Mehfil-e-Samaa with MNG – Minhaj Naat Group from France who performed some mesmerising Qawwalli to the delight of the members in attendance.
The event was held in the Royal Nawaab (Manchester) with an overflowing capacity of 650+ that served all attendees a four-course meal and the all-important Quaid Day cake for all attendees.
We pray for the health and long life of Our Beloved Quaid, Shaykh-ul-Islam Dr Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri and look forward to organising and grander event next year, insha’Allah.

Steven G. Smith for The Boston Globe
Author Amy Bloom relaxes on her couch in her writing room.
Amy Bloom writes novels, short stories, and screenplays. Her last novel, “Away,” won international acclaim with its epic saga of a Russian immigrant mourning her parents while traipsing across America. The sisters at the heart of her novel, slated for release this week, “Lucky Us,” are equally peripatetic, embarking on a road trip from the Midwest to Hollywood. Bloom lives near New Haven, Conn., with her family.
NUTMEG STATE: I’ve lived in Connecticut most of my adult life. I’m sure I could live other places, too, but I like Connecticut. As the state [nickname] so proudly says, “The land of Steady Habits.” I find that very appealing.
PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY’S CREATOR: I write in a little space that is over the only market in my town between the antique store and the coffee shop. It’s on the second floor, and you can’t really run up the stairs because they’re dark and lopsided. I have a kitchen table, which is my desk, a couch, and a big portrait of Oscar Wilde as a young man, which is a print I’ve had with me now for, I think, for 40 years. I love the photograph of him . . . He’s sitting on a pile of Turkish rugs, and he’s very young, probably in his early 20s. He’s beautiful.
SEX AND CANDY: As Michael Cunningham once said, if it’s a good day you can write in a discotheque; if it’s a bad day you can’t write in a monastery. I don’t really need to have anything around me except a desk and paper and a pen . . . [and] a little figure of Ganesh dancing on top of my desk. He tends to travel with me, because who does not want the god of intellectual curiosity, perseverance and sex and candy with you at all times?
FINNEGAN’S NOTEBOOK: I try to keep track of my notes, but I never do. I must have 9,000 notebooks hanging around. No doubt when I die, someone will be able to put these together in some kind of terrific “Finnegan’s Wake’’-like 900-page novel.
LIKE DEAR OLD DAD: My dad was a journalist and a freelance magazine writer my whole life. He got up at noon and read the mail, took the dog for a walk, sat back down again and worked until 5:30. That was five days a week and sometimes six. There was no suggestion that writing was glamorous or fancy or that you would be famous or special. It was a job, a job like being a plumber or any other kind of job, except that he worked at home, and if he didn’t work he didn’t get paid. He was a great role model. Sometimes other writers will talk about how they always dreamt of being a writer. I never dreamt of being a writer; it looked like really hard work. Relative to other lines of work, it’s a walk in the park, but I think that that it was helpful that it didn’t look glamorous.
THE HARD PART: Getting started is hard; a great middle is hard; a good ending is hard — it’s sort of dealer’s choice, here. But I think the act of kind of lowering myself into the well of a significant project is hardest; I have to clear a space mentally and in my life, and recalibrate everything I’m doing and then just climb down the ladder into whatever well that is. Once I’m underway, I’m pretty much down to business, but getting underway I can go back and forth and delude myself and rearrange all sorts of domestic details for quite an extended period of time . . . It means that I’m going to be less involved in my everyday life, which I happen to like quite a bit. If anyone has ever suggested that a happy domestic life makes it easier to write, I’d like to hear about it. I see fewer people; I do fewer things; I’m a little less engaged. I don’t spend much time thinking about what I’m going to make for dinner for my family. That’s a loss. It’s a clearing away, and there’s something very good about that, but it’s also a loss.
Steven G. Smith for The Boston Globe
The bookshelf in Amy Blooms writing room.
Wake up with today's top stories.Want each day's news headlines delivered fresh to your
inbox every morning? Just connect with us
in one of the following ways:
The Elk River Pioneers took a 16-5 drubbing from St. Michael on Friday night in a game where the winner would clinch advancement to next week’s super-regional.
The Pioneers (16-10), by virtue of starting the Section 2 playoffs with two wins, have another chance to advance on Sunday when they play whichever team survives Saturday’s sudden-death round — Albertville, Big Lake, Champlin or Anoka — starting 1 p.m. The top two teams in the eight-team tournament advance.
The team had a key setback Wednesday evening when pitcher Ben Hendrickson turned his left ankle at the end of a practice when he slipped on the tarp while running behind home plate. Henrickson had pitched a 2-1 win over Anoka last Sunday. The former Milwaukee Brewer who joined the team this year after three years out of pro ball had a 2-2 record, 2.19 ERA, and 67 strikeouts in 41 innings. In addition to his two wins, the team won three other games he started and lost another 1-0.
When Hendrickson showed up on crutches before the game, the team knew he wasn’t available.
St. Michael collected 19 hits — two doubles, 17 singles — against Josh Juntunen, Jim Brown and Lance Johnson. Juntunen took the loss, giving up 12 runs (eight earned) in 3 1/3 innings. Brown gave up two runs in 2 2/3 innings and Johnson one run in one inning.
Blake Schirmers was 3-for-5 with five RBI for St. Michael. Bobby Kneefe (three RBI) and Carl Sorenson were each 4-for-5.
For the Pioneers, Corey Kaminski was 2-for-3 with a double and three runs, and Tucker Morrell 1-for-2 plus two walks and scored three runs.
Mitch Bauer of St. Michael threw five innings, giving up five runs, and to the win. Al Frank pitched two shutout innings.
 9, 2011 Snake Bus
Attachment 33388
I have seen this on several sites and can't figure out the originator, so no credit given to the photographer.
One comment on one of the sites:
I think it's really cool, and I've seen buses painted up with scenes similar to this before, so it's certainly possible. But I think it might not be real because anyone who goes to that much trouble to paint a bus will put the name of the zoo on the side too.
I guess it is real...
It's Copenhagen.
These guys claim it:
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
I like the shark-jaws-for-doors theme, too.
Ah, if it is in Copenhagen, why isn't the message on the side written in Copenhagenish?
Local people don't go to the zoo. Tourists go to the zoo.
'Zoo' might be the name of a night club or something.
where you can get your crush on, eh?
someplace you can go with your main squeeze?
ride the snake bus to the club where you can ... um, nevermind.
for the record, my local zoo's website is just zoo.org -- simple
naive I'm afraid.. this whole site is "shopped"
speaking of cracks ( from worth100. )
I have little doubt the bus is real... I've seen similar things on the street ... but again what a talented digital artist can do really is amazing.
I'm tired of this mothereffin' snake on the mothereffin' bus!
(Can't believe this wasn't noted before.)
Thing is, because to create the 'wrap' you have to use photoshop, any resulting real photo is going to look photoshopped because you're photoshopping a photoshop.
Still, don't care either way - it is a cool pic
The Cellar Image of the Day is just a section of a larger web community: a bunch of interesting folks talking about everything. Add your two cents to IotD by joining the Cellar.
O’Hara Electric has the experience and knowledge you require to handle any job if you’re searching for a residential electrician in Montclair NJ. Whether you are a weekend home improvement expert or a novice, it’s always tempting to try home repair projects yourself. While there are innumerable advantages to Do-It-Yourself projects, with labor savings being right at the top, there are other important considerations to make when deciding whether or not it’s better to handle it on your own or hire a professional residential electrician. However the vast majority of jobs contact for calling professional residential electricians in Roselle Park NJ like the ones you will find at O’Hara Electric. This is among the smartest things you are able to do.
Electrician Roselle Park NJ
The electrical work in your house calls for a trusted professional residential electrician in Montclair NJ for several reasons. Whether the task is lighting fixture installations, an attic fan installation, or knob and tube wiring, many problems can arise when it comes to job safety. Working with electricity can be very hazardous, and the bottom line is that without a great deal of caution and expertise injury is definitely capable of occurring. Don’t ever hesitate to seek professional help from your residential electricians at O’Hara Electric if you are even a bit unsure that you are able to handle the job in a safe manner. During an electrical project, there are many long term implications which may occur. Even something as conventional as a smoke detector installation is going to come back to haunt you when done improperly. Also, there’s nothing worse than dedicating money and time into a day full of repairs just to find that the problem hasn’t yet been resolved. You’re capable of helping to make certain the job gets completed correctly the first time around if you hire a professional electrician. O’Hara Electric is a top choice if you’re seeking a commercial or residential electrician in Roselle Park NJ to assist you by completed a vast array of electrical jobs that are otherwise dangerous and complicated.
Electrical Company Roselle Park NJ
Reliability is important if you are trying to locate a commercial or residential electrician in Montclair NJ or the rest of the local region. This is why such a large number of people make O’Hara Electric their first call. When it comes to your home or business, you don’t want just anyone performing the work. We’ve been serving the needs of home and business owners in the local community since 1963, meaning there isn’t anybody else you’ve got to contact. If you’re our customer, you’re capable of feeling confident that we’re going to make you our first priority and work hard to ensure you’re supplied with the best possible service. Nothing is more important to us than ensuring the job is performed correctly the first time. When it comes to many types of electrical jobs, safety is a crucial consideration. This means hiring just anybody isn’t a smart idea when you want to sleep soundly in the long term. O’Hara Electric is standing by to be your first call when you need residential electricians in Roselle Park NJ.
Electrical Service Montclair NJ
We’ve got you covered if you’re looking for highly rated commercial electrical services in Montclair NJ or surrounding areas.’d like someone that you can depend on consistently. This is often especially important when you work in retail because you are able to wind up with significant liability issues when your lighting fixtures aren’t working correctly. As a business owner, this isn’t a situation you want to find yourself in, and you should take action to make sure this is prevented. It can additionally be a safety problem for your visitors and employees when it comes to parking lot lighting. You want to be certain that your outdoor lighting is working the way it’s supposed to so that you can prevent injuries in addition to potential criminal activity, particularly when it gets dark early in the winter time. Ensure that the help you are in need of is always right around the corner by making O’Hara Electric your first contact any time you require a trusted commercial electrician in Roselle Park NJ or the rest of the local region.
Landscape Lighting Roselle Park NJ
Do you need a residential electrician for landscape lighting in Montclair NJ or surrounding areas? O’Hara Electric is the one name to remember. This service is capable of adding a substantial degree of security to your property in addition to adding considerable aesthetic appeal. Landscape lighting helps to avoid trips in the dark for you or your guests, which is essential to consider. A house which is beautifully lit from the exterior with high quality lights accentuating your property’s best features always makes you the envy of everyone else on your block. You’re able to be confident that we’ve got what you are trying to find thanks to the broad variety of choices we offer. Look no further than O’Hara for a residential electrician in dedicated to bringing you the very best in terms of landscape lighting in Roselle Park NJ.
Electricians Montclair NJ
Among the reasons people get in touch with O’Hara Electric if they need a commercial or residential electrician in Montclair NJ for jobs which range from landscape lighting to 200 amp service upgrading is the fact that our specialists are capable of bringing a significant degree of experience to any job. It does not matter if they’re an apprentice, journeyman, or master electrician. There’s a sure degree of education and on the job training all commercial and residential electricians. Prior to hiring an electrician, be certain to look into their degree of training and whether their business is bonded, licensed, and insured. We are fully licensed and authorized to work as electricians at O’Hara Electric. Mistakes are capable of being expensive in any area of improvement or repair. This is the reason seeking lighting fixture installation companies with the appropriate qualifications is essential. If you are trying to resolve an issue and it does not work, you’re capable of ending up spending more money than you would have required when the exact same issue comes up in a month or two. The problem could be compounded or made worse. Additionally, when you aren’t certain of what you’re doing if you attempt the job on your own then the job is capable of ending up taking you much longer than it should, costing you time you may not have. Your time is precious and should not be wasted. Looking for an experienced residential or commercial electrician in Roselle Park NJ? For all your electrical requirements, contact O’Hara Electric.
March 2021
Angola | Settlement of goods and services supplied to owners or operators of foreign-flagged vessels
By means of Order No. 2/21, of 24 March 2021, the National Bank of Angola approved new terms and conditions for the settlement of goods and services supplied by local shipping agents (“Agents”) and port services providers (“PSPs”), to owners or operators of foreign flagged vessels calling Angola (“Maritime Operators”).
(a) Port charges [in Portuguese, “despesas de escala” (“Port Charges”)] must be charged to, and paid by, Maritime Operators exclusively in hard currency;
(b) To the extent above, PSPs are required to (i) issue their invoices - to Maritime Operators - in hard currency only and (ii) open, maintain and operate bank accounts denominated in Euro or US$ before an Angolan commercial bank;
(c) Port Charges can be settled directly by the Maritime Operators or through their Agents; where the payment is made by the Maritime Operator, the same can be processed (i) out from an offshore account or, alternatively, (ii) from a foreign-exchange non-resident account held by the latter before an Angolan commercial bank; where the payment is made via its Agent, the Maritime Operator is required to transfer in advance the monies into a bank account denominated in Euro or US$ held by its Agent with an Angolan commercial bank;
(d) All goods and services procured by Agents to Angolan foreign-exchange resident entities, save for those supplied by PSPs to their Principal/Maritime Operators, must be settled in national currency (Kwanzas);
(e) Agents and PSPs are neither allowed to open nor operate offshore bank accounts for the purposes named above, expect with the prior authorization from the National Bank of Angola;
(f) Agents and PSPs must ensure adequate reconciliation between invoices and foreign currency proceeds settled in their bank accounts in Angola.
Order No. 2/21 shall come into effect on 23 April 2021.
Download presentation
Presentation is loading. Please wait.
Published byLilliana Leap Modified over 3 years ago
1
Παραδείγματα εφαρμογών φορητών συσκευών σε βιβλιοθήκες και μουσεία Examples of application of mobile devices in libraries and museums Stoica Adrian
2
Outline Introduction Case Studies – Museums – Academic Libraries Tasks and scenarios Team work Questions - Discussion Conclusion 2/28
3
Introduction Mobile devices Privacy & security Hybrid (enabled) spaces Mobile Device = interaction tool Examples of hybrid spaces 3/28
4
Introduction Mobile devices (1) Do you own a mobile phone? Is it older than 3 years? Has it a camera? What features are you using? 4/28
5
Introduction Mobile devices (2) PDAs, Smartphones Continuous increase of – Existing capabilities (storage, connectivity, recording...) – New features (accelerometers, GPS, compass, high resolution cameras, etc) Most of the people carry a mobile device Increasing complexity 5/28
6
Technologies and trends Z39.50 RFID QRCodes A B C 6/28
7
Technologies and trends 7/28
8
Introduction Privacy & Security (1) Imagine that YOUR MOBILE phone is: LOST or STOLLEN 8/28
9
Introduction Privacy & Security (2) Personal devices – personal data Always on and connected – High risk of personal data leaks and theft – Tracking movement without consent and in user disadvantage – Easy accessible – not always the case Risk of loss or theft Recording Logging 9/28
10
Introduction Hybrid spaces Hybrid space – a physical space (that is available to the service beneficiary) owned by an entity (service provider) that provides mobile context aware services to its users Hybrid space browser – The mobile device equipped with the appropriate software together with the additional hardware (readers, sensors etc) that might be available while in the physical space owned by a certain provider Physical hyperlink – a virtual connection between a physical artifact and a service or information related to the artifact 10/28
11
Hybrid spaces and applications (1) 11/28
12
Hybrid spaces and applications (2) 12/28
13
Introduction Mobile Device interaction tool Physical and virtual space act synergic To interact with virtual space we need a device. To interact with a hybrid space we need to interact synchronously with the physical and virtual space. We need to be able to link the virtual and physical artifacts between them. 13/28
14
Introduction Examples of Hybrid Spaces Museums Libraries Exhibition halls Supermarkets and shopping centers Restaurants and coffee shops Healthcare institutions Educational institutions 14/28
15
Case Studies Museum Electronic Guidebook Research Project – – Hands on science museum – Integrate web and physical space Sotto Voce project at Filoli Center – ault.html – – historic house in Woodside, California – electronic guidebook 15/28
16
build a digital repository for the Museum of Solomos, Kalvos and other eminent Zakynthians set of services concerning management of the collection support for visitors and educational activities PDAs to interact with tagged exhibits and other physical elements Case Studies Museum Supporting the visitors of Solomos Museum Project (1) 16/28
17
Central database with the digital repository in conformity with CIDOC, Application for digital repository management, Museum web site, Device management application, Mobile guide application, Educational applications 17/all Case Studies Museum Supporting the visitors of Solomos Museum Project (2)
18
Museum Prototypes Figure 2 – The ImageGame. Side by side the screenshots of two members of one group
19
Case studies Libraries AirPAC, Auckland, New Zealand – ex-s2.jsp – Mobile device suitable Public Access Catalog SmartLibrary Oulu, Finland – rchmode=basic&lang=en – Mobile access to catalog – Map based guidance services
20 20/28 Case studies Libraries Hybrid Libraries (1) Project funded by Πρόγραμμα Ενίσχυσης Ερευνητικού Δυναμικού ΠΕΝΕΔ2003. Participants:, Ομάδα Αλληλεπίδρασης Ανθρώπου-Υπολογιστή,, Εργαστήριο Ψηφιακών Βιβλιοθηκών και Ηλεκτρονικής Δημοσίευσης, Πανεπιστήμιο Πατρών, Βιβλιοθήκη & Υπηρεσία Πληροφόρησης, LOGIC-DIS Α.Ε.
21
Case studies Libraries Hybrid Libraries (2) HSDB SERVER Database handler QRCode Generator Content management and delivery Legacy Database Administrative Interface (WEB) Client Interface Legacy System 21/28
22
Library Prototype (1) 22/28
23
Library Prototype (2) 23/28
24
Tasks and scenarios Librarian – inventory by interacting with the books and shelves Library visitor – search concomitantly the physical and the virtual space (in one word searching the hybrid space) Museologist – create thematic routes Museum visitor – use the interactive exhibits to access information with emphasis on his interests 24/28
25
Team Work – Its Your Turn to play! Find collaboratively the task that you think mobile devices will help most in your field of activity. 25/28
26
Questions - Discussion Questions? 26/28
27
Conclusion The growth of popularity and of the set of capabilities of the mobile devices makes them appealing for the role of interaction tools with hybrid spaces Hybrid spaces are everywhere – we just not have yet all the tools to interact with them New things bring new problems 27/28
28
Thank You Stoica Adrian stoica@upatras.gr Human Computer Interaction Group Electrical & Computer Engineering Department University of Patras
Similar presentations
© 2017 SlidePlayer.com Inc.
kPow for Apache Kafka (Pro)
Product Overview
Keep Kafka simple with kPow, the all-in-one toolkit that monitors and manages Kafka Clusters, Schema Registries, and Kafka Connect Clusters.
Subscribe to kPow (Pro) to gain access to the hourly-metered kPow AWS Marketplace Container. Start as many kPow as you need. Each instance can monitor and manage one Kafka Cluster and associated Registry and Connect resources. Your AWS account will be billed directly for the number of kPow hours used each month.
A breeze to install and run, kPow connects to your Kafka resources with standard client configuration and no need for JMX or Zookeeper. Packaged as a single Docker container that runs with as little as 512MB memory (1GB recommended), kPow stores all data locally in your Kafka Cluster - perfect for security conscious deployments.
kPow integrates with OpenID, SAML, and LDAP providers for user authentication (including Okta, Github SSO, AWS SSO, and Azure AD), provides configurable Role Based Access Controls for user authorization, supports HTTPS out-of-the-box, and even provides Prometheus endpoints for long-term dashboards and alerting in the Enterprise Monitoring platform of your choice.
kPow features a rich data-oriented UI that shines a light on connected Kafka Clusters, Schema Registries, and Kafka Connect Installations. Data inspection and consumer-lag monitoring features allow engineers to get to the heart of their systems quickly. Live Mode allows them to monitor brokers, topics, partitions, consumers, members, assignments, and more in real-time.
kPow is the ideal companion to Amazon MSK. Simply start the container in an EKS Pod or ECS / Fargate task and get immediate insight into and control of your Kafka resources.
The AWS Marketplace kPow container must run with IAM permissions to register your container usage with AWS, see our guide for details:
Version
Video
Categories
Operating System
Linux
Delivery Methods
Previous Entry | Next Entry
So in a spirit of sientific enquiry I obtained and watched all six episodes of Kröd Mändoon, to assess whether SFX's ratings were reliable. My mature judgement: SFX are probably right. Kröd Mändoon is rubbish, desperately trying to be funny but basically running through adolescent jokes about sex while waving swords about. At least the episodes are only twenty minutes long, and it filled a few commutes nicely.
But never mind what I thought; what do you think?
Hex (2004-05), about a remote English country school that becomes the battleground between a demonic entity and the witches who oppose it:
Hyperdrive (2006-07), following the crew of HMS Camden Lock as they stumble through their heroic mission to protect British interests in a changing galaxy in the year 2151:
Jericho (2006-08), about the residents of the fictional town of Jericho, Kansas in the aftermath of nuclear attacks on 23 major cities in the contiguous United States:
The Listener (2009), about a young Toronto paramedic named Toby Logan (Craig Olejnik) with the ability to listen to people's most intimate thoughts:
Blade: The Series (2006), based on the Marvel Comics character and starring Sticky Fingaz:
Masters of Science Fiction (2007), an anthology series dramatising "A Clean Escape" by John Kessel, "The Awakening" by Howard Fast, "Jerry Was a Man" by Robert A. Heinlein, "The Discarded" by Harlan Ellison, "Little Brother" by Walter Mosley and "Watchbird" by Robert Sheckley:
Painkiller Jane (2007), another comics adaptation starring Kristanna Loken as the eponymous indestructible undercover cop:
Kröd Mändoon and the Flaming Sword of Fire (2009), about the struggle between reluctant hero Kröd Mändoon (Sean Maguire), and the evil ruler, Chancellor Dongalor (Matt Lucas):
Demons (2009), about London teenager Luke Rutherford (Christian Cooke), who learns that he is the last descendant of the Van Helsing line by the sudden arrival of his American godfather Rupert Galvin (Philip Glenister):
Flash Gordon (2007-08), starring Eric Johnson and Gina Holden:
I watched all of Kröd and around half of Hyperdrive.
Hyperdrive? Oh dear god, that was bad. It put us off poor Miranda Hart for years.
That explains a lot. (I think Merlin is utter rubbish but still watch it.)
Hyperdrive: Watched one episode, thought it was dire, accidentally saw a second one, cooking, put something on to cook, discovered that this was what
Jericho: Saw the ads never managed to see episode one.
The Listener: like this one, know it's cheezy etc still like it.
Blade: I'm pretty sure I've seen some of this, can't remember though.
Masters of Science Fiction
Painkiller Jane - I think I may have seen the pilot, don't remember though.
Kröd Mändoon and the Flaming Sword of Fire: Missed this one, may have watched it if I had managed to catch it.
Demons: Sounds interesting but didn't see it.
Flash Gordon: I can manage to watch about anything (see responses above and note that
I'd be happy to sit and watch Jericho if there was nowt else on, and I didn't have a book to read, and I wasn't in the mood for internetty stuff. I watched some of Masters of SF because they got shown on some cable channel or other late night.
I wouldn't seek them out, but acceptable popcorn to vegetate in front of.
At least, I hope not.
Saw part of one episode of Hyperdrive and thought it had potential but was not as funny as it thought it was. Demons was abominable, but it did have Gladiolus Thripp, one of the most gloriously ridiculous bad guys who I prefered to all of the good guys. It also had the chief sidekick, who was the only normal person there was quite fun.
I have no idea how people didn't like Krod Mandoon. Except I do because it was a particularly crude parody of sword and sorcery fantasy, and I think some fantasy fans might have had hurt feelings. I thought it was hilarious but yes, very crude. It also has the greatest exit line I've heard for quite a while.
Hyperdrive: Watched one episode, it was shit. And, TBH, we already have Red Dwarf, so making a less funny version was kind of pointless (especially since genuine RD also managed that on its own...)
Jericho: Heard of it, thought I might like to catch it to see what it was like, but aren't bothered that I never did.
The Listener: Never heard of it
Blade: Love the movies, but, how can I put this, that ain't no Snipes in the series.
Masters of Science Fiction - wasn't impressed by Masters Of Horror, so never bothered
Painkiller Jane - Heard of the comic, not the show
Kröd Mändoon and the Flaming Sword of Fire: Saw one - Matt Lucas' scenes were OK but otherwise it was rubbish, and about a decade too late to be an effective pisstake of Hercules/Xena etc
Demons: Arg, pass the eye-bleach!
Flash Gordon: In name only...
Stryker Hip Implants Lawsuit
Stryker Orthopaedics has produced several metal-on-metal (MoM) hip implants that do not function as they should, leading to massive recalls and lawsuits. The latest is Stryker’s Accolade V40 femoral head, about which Stryker has issued a hazard alert warning against possible health risks, like loss of mobility, inflammation, dislocation, leg length discrepancy, and even the need for revision surgery..
What’s wrong with Stryker hip implants?.
Health agencies around the world—including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Health Canada, and the UK’s Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)—have expressed concern about MoM hip implants. Many agencies advise blood testing and imaging to ensure patients don’t have metal poisoning.
The FDA says MoM patients should pay extra close attention to their general health, as some medical literature suggests MoM hip implants can lead to systemic reactions elsewhere in the body.
As noted elsewhere, these types of implants have spawned massive recalls and thousands of lawsuits, two of which—concerning Stryker’s ABG II and Rejuvenate hip stems—were settled to the tune of $1.4 billion.
But the Stryker Accolade V40 femoral head is still on the market. It has not been recalled, but in October 2016 Stryker.
What are some notable hip implant lawsuits?
As seen below, there is a strong precedent for settlement and awards in hip replacement lawsuits.
Stryker’s Rejuvenate & ABG II Hip Stems
In addition to the V40 femoral head, Stryker also manufactured the Rejuvenate and ABG II hip stems, both of which were recalled.
Who is eligible for a Stryker hip implant lawsuit?
According to the FDA, the following symptoms may indicate that a hip implant is not functioning properly if they occur more than three months after surgery:
- Hip, leg, or groin pain
- Swelling around the hip joint
- Popping, grinding, clicking, or squeaking sounds from the hip
- A limp or change in mobility
In addition, patients should monitor their bodies for symptoms of metal poisoning:
- Impaired kidney function
- Thyroid problems like weight gain, neck discomfort, fatigue, chills
- Depression, cognitive impairment, or other psychological issues
- Skin rashes
- Hearing or vision problems
- Cardiomyopathy (weakened or enlarged heart muscle)
If you or a loved one have suffered any of the side effects listed above, and/or had to undergo revision surgery due to a defective Stryker hip implant, you could be eligible for a lawsuit. Contact us to learn more.
What types of compensation can one receive through a Stryker lawsuit?
Stryker hip implant lawsuits can recover compensation for the following:
- Medical expenses/hospital bills
- Lost wages (past and future)
- Pain and suffering
- Attorney/legal fees
- Any other damages deemed fair and reasonable
Please note that our firm operates on a contingency basis, which means you do not owe us anything unless we secure an appropriate verdict or settlement (in which case, your attorney fees will come from the amount we procure).
What is the first step in pursuing a Stryker hip implant lawsuit?
For people who have undergone the difficult process of hip surgery, discovering that their new hip is defective can be truly devastating—financially, physically, and emotionally.
We can help. If you or a loved one has a metal-on-metal hip implant, contact us today for a free consultation—even if you are unsure which type of hip implant you have received.
You may be able to hold the manufacturer responsible and get relief for past and future medical expenses, pain and suffering, lost wages, and other damages.
Keep up to date with all the latest Cool Bali Villa’s Blogs
What’s so special about our Kejora Villas?
What’s so special about our Kejora Villas?
Our Kejora Villas are located in a peaceful beachfront complex in Sanur on the East coast of Bali…… It occupies an enviable position in central Sanur where there are just sixteen private Villas.
Arie’s famous Corn Fritters
For those of you missing the taste of Bali, here is Arie’s Corn Fritter recipie
The prettiest time of the year – Galungan and Kuningan
I love this time in the Balinese Calendar, the streets are decked with colourful penjors outside each home. The penjors, a bamboo pole, are all individually decorated with natural materials, some simple whilst others are stunning. Each once containing a special place...
Relax you’ve booked a Cool Bali Villa
Your friends have told you about their amazing experience during their Bali Villa holiday and you’ve decided that you would like that for your next trip.
First the monsters then the silence – the uniqueness that is Nypie Day in Bali
The
Solemen – The Team Bringing Hope to the Forgotten
I...
Tell me about the weather in Bali
This...
Top 10 Restaurants for Dinner in Sanur
A...
A Bali Beach for Everyone
For me there is nothing quite like a beach on the Indian ocean, warm tropical seas, coconut palms swaying in the breeze and consistent temperatures day and night. Bali not only has these three key elements, but it also has the world-famous surf breaks and...
Kejora Villas, Sanur, Splendid One Day, Even Better The Next...
Bali Accommodation – Spoiled for Choice
First time to Bali?
You’ve probably already done your research and you know what part of the Island you want to stay at and visit.
Your next decision will be probably deciding what is the right accommodation choice for your travel group?
Your accommodation choices in Bali are huge....
Lemon tree's yellow leaves have owner worried
Published 4:00 am, Wednesday, June 7, 2006
Caption
PEIRCE07_003_RAD.JPG SHOWN: Yellowing leaves on lemon trees to illustrate a question: "What's happening to the lemon trees?" The answer is lack of water, due to either drought or root rot from too much water. Photo shot in San Francisco, CA. on WEDNESDAY, May 31, 2006. (Katy Raddatz/The Chronicle) Photo taken on 5/31/06, in SAN FRANCISCO, CA. **Photo: Katy Raddatz
Q: My Meyer lemon at home -- planted in the ground -- looks as if it is dying. Its leaves are turning yellow and withering. I suspect root rot from too much water, but I don't know. The same appears to be happening to one in a planter on a nearby rooftop that I see from my office window.
A: As interesting as it is to contemplate a leaf-yellowing flu that is afflicting lemon trees, or perhaps a space alien that is sucking their sap, the answer is more likely to lie with watering practices. When a citrus tree can't get enough water from the soil, it develops yellow leaves with some wilting. Paradoxically, both overwatering and underwatering can cause these symptoms.
An overwatered tree often develops root damage from decay, so it can't bring in enough water. Our record six-week rain could have created this unhappy condition, especially if you have clay soil. If the damage isn't too severe, the tree is likely to recover if allowed to dry out for a while. You can purchase a water meter and use it to probe the soil a few inches down. Don't water until that soil is still moist but on the dry side, then water deeply.
Citrus trees in the ground will need water on the order of every two weeks in the dry season, but it depends on the type of soil and the weather. Also, be careful when you irrigate that you don't let the trunk stand in water, which can encourage disease.
The roof-garden citrus tree, in a container, is more likely to be suffering from dry soil. The smaller volume of soil in a container dries out faster than the open ground. If this is the problem, a containerized citrus tree should perk up within 24 hours after a thorough watering. Long, warm, windy spring days dry the soil fast, so you have to pay special attention to plants in containers.
Now, if the leaves of your tree are yellow between the veins while the veins themselves are still green, your problem is iron deficiency. This is caused by planting in soil that isn't acidic enough, so the plant can't absorb iron. Solve this problem by using a chelated iron fertilizer. Follow instructions on the label.
Q: This is my second year with an infestation of surreal grasshopper (scudder's bush katydids). They are happy to stay in my backyard and eat rose leaves and photinia shrubs. I need to kill them as opposed to spraying them off with water. I have been manually eliminating them and using insecticidal soap. Do you have any other suggestions? Possibly a repellant?
A: I picture a bucolic scene in which the charming, leaf-imitating katydids sing to you at night while gently munching a few rose leaves, but I'm sure it is in fact a scene of alarming devastation. The good news is that katydids have only one life cycle each year, so it should be possible to get ahead of their multiplication rate. Starting with ideas for repellants, consider buying hot pepper spray or making garlic oil spray. Here's the recipe: Add 3 ounces of minced garlic cloves to 1 ounce of mineral oil. Let stand for 24 hours or longer. Strain out garlic. Then add 1 teaspoon of fish emulsion and 1 tablespoon of castile soap to 16 ounces of water. Slowly mix the fish emulsion solution with the garlic oil and store in a glass container with a tight lid. To use, mix 2 tablespoons of the garlic oil mixture with 2 cups of water and spray.
Another substance that may serve to repel (and possibly kill) the insects is neem oil, but it may be most effective on the younger stages of the insect. If you try these treatments, experiment with only a part of your garden, say one rose plant, so you can see if it works.
In any case, I recommend that you take action later in the year to reduce the number of eggs that live through the winter. It is probable that the species you have lays its eggs between layers of leaves, creating a small, slightly raised and discolored blister. If you defoliate your roses in winter, as many do to encourage dormancy and reduce the occurrence of diseases, you will be removing katydid eggs as well. Be sure to rake up all the fallen leaves as they could be harboring katydid eggs.
In the spring, look for the young nymphs to start hatching and act quickly to repel or kill the pests while they are small. One possibility is to spray them with a half-cup of molasses in a quart of water, which kills grasshoppers and might kill katydids, too. Or, if by chance you could borrow some chickens for a few weeks as the insects are hatching, they would probably clean up your yard nicely while offering fresh eggs in return.
Vignette 1: “Anything you can do, I can do better”
Gender roles and social norms determine how males and females should act in a relationship. However, there is a gender role reversal in this audio to help listeners understand that we may not always act out our gender roles just because society tells us to, which is perfectly fine. Just like Kayla in this audio is not your stereotypical “housewife, woman” because of her job as a police officer. However, Kayla knows what she wants and is comfortable with her gender and personality enough to negotiate within her relationship. It is up to us to determine our own gender roles and decide what we are comfortable with.
- Can you identify examples of gender roles and social norms in this vignette?
- How do you think the gender roles and social norms that you just identified affects Kayla’s and Michael’s relationship?
- How do you feel about Kayla’s gender role reversal?
Vignette 2: “ Breaking the rules”
Relationship violence is an underreported issue. As a victim, there can be many reasons why it is difficult to let anyone know about the problem whether it is a family member, friend, or medical provider. Therefore, it is important for us to recognize signs of relationship violence and be more sensitive towards the situation. This can help the victim become more comfortable with disclosing information and allow someone to get them the appropriate help they need.
- What do you think Maria and Dr. Smith’s office did wrong in this audio vignette?
- What would be a more appropriate response that Maria could of gave Tianna after learning about their relationships issues?
- How do you think Dr. Smith’s office has affected Tiana’s perspective about healthcare providers?
Vignette 3: : “Walking on eggshells”
Relationship violence can happen to anyone in any type of relationship whether it is heterosexual or homosexual. In the audio, Andrews experiences verbal abuse from his partner Vincent. They both experience the same social and gender roles as heterosexual people. However, social norms have stereotypes towards same sex couples that affect our judgment. It is important for us to understand that same sex relationships can also experience the same types of violence as heterosexual relationship.
- Can you identify the signs of an unhealthy relationship in this vignette?
- After identifying the signs of an unhealthy relationship, do you think they are similar to a heterosexual relationship and why?
- Did this vignette offer a different aspect of relationships and why?
Meet the Cast
[full_width][one_fourth]
[/one_fourth][one_fourth]words[/one_fourth][one_fourth]
[/one_fourth][one_fourth_last][/one_fourth_last][/full_width]
[full_width]
[one_fourth]
[/one_fourth][one_fourth]words[/one_fourth][one_fourth]
[/one_fourth][one_fourth_last][/one_fourth_last]
[/full_width]
Our name is : Lokaal Wassenaar!
We are a local political party. Our main aim is to serve the local Wassenaar community. That means listening to the views and opinions of our fellow-villagers and following up on what we hear.
We are a mix of social-democrats and liberals, neither right nor left oriented.
Our priorities include the following key issues :
In a nutshell, we are conservative as far as it concerns the protection of the quality of life in Wassenaar and yet we are also progressive by keeping an open mind for developments and challenges of the future.
There is no such thing as a hidden agenda. We are free and independent.
Lokaal Wassenaar! has no masters, only the constituents of Wassenaar.
The law concerning who has the right to vote without being Dutch is regulated in the “de Kieswet” – the law dealing with elections. “De Kiesraad” – the Dutch National Electoral Council - gives further details and advice in this respect, see
In local elections expats have the right to participate as long as they are registered in their municipality. This also applies to Dutch and other EU citizens abroad, however, not to embassy and consular staff. Non-EU citizens must have lived permanently in The Netherlands for at least five years. For non-EU expats living in Amsterdam, it is possible to vote in the District Council (Bestuurscommissie) elections provided they have been registered in the city for more than three years.
The number of expats in The Netherlands is significant, however mainly concentrated in the Randstad. Amsterdam has a population of 77.000 expats, The Hague 50.000, Rotterdam 48.000, Maastricht 25.000 and Eindhoven 20.000. In a recent article of the magazine "Binnenlands Bestuur" it appears that only one of these cities, namely Maastricht, provides for specific information for Expats. More info at . This information concerns the legal rights of the local political parties as well as their policies and aims. There are also different clubs/associations for expats, and relevant information with respect to Dutch elections etc. in English is to be found at their websites.
Wassenaar is well known for its international community. There is no municipality where there are so many diplomatic residences in relation to the number of inhabitants. Lokaal Wassenaar! is proud of our international community. There are several good examples of excellent integration at local level. For example ASH, the American School of The Hague and the sports club Blauw-Zwart where locals and expats cooperate well together. On cultural level the cooperation between the local band, Excelsior Harmony, and the band of the ASH is very successful indeed.
Lokaal Wassenaar! is aware of the necessity of further integration of our international community in Wassenaar. In our party there will be one person responsible for expats and contact with the international municipality. Several candidates of our party and members of our board have been expats. Our policy will be to further increase and provide for assistance and information to the expats living in Wassenaar. This will also include the assistance in terms of the Dutch language and more online information via social media. This will be done at our own website and on Facebook.
Last but not least local political parties, particularly Lokaal Wassenaar! , concentrate on the values and needs of the village of Wassenaar and its inhabitants whereas the main political parties are more directed to increase their own power nationwide.
Vraag niet alleen wat de Wassenaarse politiek voor u kan betekenen maar ook wat u voor Wassenaar kunt doen! We hebben actieve, kritische, meelevende en enthousiaste Wassenaarders hard nodig.
Door lid te worden van Lokaal Wassenaar! kunt u een belangrijke bijdrage leveren aan de plaatselijke politiek èn u weet in ieder geval zeker dat er naar u geluisterd wordt...
Word lid van Lokaal Wassenaar! voor € 40,- per jaar. De bijdrage voor gezinsleden bedraagt € 15,-.
Indien u later in het jaar lid besluit lid te worden, wordt het bedrag voor lidmaatschap berekend naar rato van het aantal resterende maanden.
U kunt ook besluiten donateur te worden of een eenmalige bijdrage te storten op IBAN NL 30 INGB 0008 0568 82 ten name van Lokaal Wassenaar!, Wassenaar.
Vul uw gegevens hieronder in en klik op "Verzenden". U hoort spoedig van ons.
Still in winter’s grip: Melting snow turning to ice makes driving treacherous as Eurostar is cancelled and man fights for life after being hit by falling telegraph pole
Temperatures plunged to as low as -3C as heavy snow hit the South East
Sussex and Kent worst affected areas with traffic brought to a standstill
A23 described as ‘treacherous’ with drivers stuck in their cars overnight
Volunteers from Red Cross sent out to help people trapped in their cars
Commuters facing nightmare journeys to work with train and road delays
Singer Cheryl Baker: Highways Agency didn’t do enough to prepare roads
But HA says: ‘We knew this was coming – we had plans and followed them’
Eurostar: All services suspended due to conditions in Belgium and France
At least 20 injured, six seriously, in horror crash near Munzenberg, Germany
Frankfurt airport closed at midday after succumbing to five inches of snow
Quarter of outbound flights from Charles de Gaulle airport cancelled
Record 1,000 miles of traffic tailback hit Belgium in morning rush hour
Much of Europe is struggling to cope with heavy spring snowfall today as France, Belgium and Germany are in the midst of travel chaos.
At least 20 people were injured, six seriously, after an horrendous pile-up involving at least 100 cars on the autobahn near Munzenberg, Germany, caused by the treacherous conditions.
Meanwhile, Frankfurt airport closed at midday after recording about five inches of snow with more than 100 flights already cancelled and many others delayed.
In Paris, a quarter of outbound flights have been cancelled at Charles de Gaulle airport and Belgium has seen a record 1,000 miles of traffic jams during morning rush hour.
Spokesman Hagen Vetter said Autobahn 45 in Germany looked ‘like a battlefield’ following the horrific crash this afternoon.
The motorway was completely shut down in both directions while rescue services tried to pick through the wreckage to reach those inside, some of whom had to be cut out.
Heavy drifting snow had already led to several accidents in the area before the collision.
A spokesman for airport operator Fraport in Frankfurt said he hoped operations could resume later in the day when the snow was expected to ease.
- Office buildings in the French capital – like those in the European Union’s capital, Brussels – were only partly full and high-speed trains are stuck in their stations.
The French train network SNCF urged commuters in the Paris region to stay home instead of trying to reach downtown ‘because of the unfavorable evolution of weather conditions.’
Paris airport screens flashed with red warnings after the French civil aviation authority ordered 25 per cent of flights out of Charles de Gaulle Airport canceled, and 20 per cent of flights out of Orly Airport.
Instead of the onset of spring, Belgium had a record 1,000 miles.
Roads around northern France were blocked by snow or closed by transport authorities, and trucks were banned from several routes.
Nearly 500 cars were blocked near Cherbourg where snowdrifts piled up almost two feet and winds reached more than 60 mph.
Pingback: BRUTAL WINTER FORECAST Meteorologists Point To Signs Of Another Upcoming “Nasty Winter For Europe” – Would Be Spectacular Sixth In A Row! | Endisinsite
Athlete of the Week
Dick Daughtry
Goldsboro High School
Dick Daughtry
As a child, he climbed Depression-era pear trees along Daisy Street’s north end, hoping to turn a vine-fresh haul into spare change for his mother.
A few years later, at the neighborhood high school, he routinely sacrificed his spindly frame — up front, along the edge and everywhere else, for that matter — as a blinding halfback for the mighty Goldsboro Earthquakes.
And long after the glory of his team’s undefeated 1937 campaign was folded into scrapbooks, he endured the worst of man’s disposition, serving God and country for the Allied Powers in Hitler’s Europe.
Dick Daughtry, Goldsboro High Class of 1937, was the full embodiment of Brokaw’s Greatest Generation — which meant giving without hesitation or question — and remains so.
Throughout his 97 years — whether as a popular student-athlete, an impressionable soldier or a civic-minded bookstore owner — he has welcomed the world to his table, offering direction and lasting friendship to it, without so much as a single moment of fuss.
The ultimate teammate, one might say.
Congratulations, Mr. Daughtry — and thank you.
Athlete of the Week for the week of Friday, December 22, 2017
A Short History of the Highrise: Concrete
This short film is the second part of an Emmy-award-winning, collaborative and interactive "documentary experiment" between the National Film Board of Canada and Op-Docs, the New York Times editorial department’s forum for short, opinionated documentaries. The entire Highrise project spans 2,500 years of vertical living around the world and highlights the social inequalities that rose up among the bricks and mortar. Beginning with "Mud" and ending with "Glass," director Katarina Cizek drew on The New York Times's vast photo archives to tell the story of the highrise and its impact on social history. Part four, entitled "Home," is made up of images submitted by the public, who are invited to explore the documentary's themes further by clicking around the project's main site here. Toronto's Helios Design Labs has served as the project's "house band" throughout its various iterations online, which includes the creation of "One Millionth Tower," the world’s first HTML5/WebGL short film built entirely in code.
Cooperation partner
Medical Gloves On Sale! | Exam and Surgical Gloves @HPFY- nitrile gloves medical grade face shields for sale near me  ...Face Protection & Face Coverings | staplesa3 ply disposable face masks, dino print, covers nose, mouth, and chin to protect you from germs, sprays, splashes, and droplets. High Quality Non-woven and Meltblown Fabric, Latex-free, Fibre Glass Free. Product Size: 4.9" x 3.74". $9.99.
Gloves that are 5 mil or less are often used in the medical industry, as well as by caregivers to handle patients with incontinence problems. Other gloves, however, may be thicker, so as to allow use in other non-medical applications. Materials also matter when it comes to thickness. For example, nitrile gloves are usually between 5 and 8 mils ...
Find here Nitrile Gloves, Nitrile Examination Gloves wholesaler & Wholesale Dealers in India. Get contact details & address of companies engaged in wholesale trade, manufacturing and supplying Nitrile Gloves, Nitrile Examination Gloves, Disposable Nitrile Gloves across India.
Hard Hats & Face Shields. Face Shields (11 products) An essential piece of protective equipment for many trades and types of work, face shields provide a barrier against harmful substances and particles. Protect your face when working in a hazardous environment with a lightweight, adjustable and comfortable visor from top trade brands, with a ....
Vadodara. Nylon Nitirle Half Dipped Hand Gloves, For Industrial. ₹ 95 / pair. Jyoti Enterprise. Mid forearm 370 Assembly Grip Showa Nitrile Palm Coated Gloves. ₹ 350 / pair. Oriental Enterprises. Pragati Green Nylon Nitrile Hand Gloves For Industrial Use..
Eco Medi-Glove Powder-Free Nitrile Gloves EN455 Medical Standard - Pack of 100 Blue Ambidextrous Latex Free Disposable Medical Examination Gloves (Medium) 4.6 out of 5 stars 400 £12.99 £ 12 . 99 (£0.13/count) £17.99 £17.99
Latex & Nitrile Gloves. Show More. Apply. REFINE RESULTS. ADD A VEHICLE. No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on purchases of $99+ Check out with PayPal Credit Subject to ….
Grease Monkey Large Black 4 Mil Disposable Nitrile Gloves (100-Box) (838) Model# 23890. HDX Black Heavy Duty 6 mil Nitrile Gloves, Powder Free (10-Pack) (49) Model# BLKNL. Grease Monkey Large Black 4 Mil Disposable Nitrile Gloves (40-Box) (47) Model# 23850-014. Top Rated. ...
Medical Gloves at Walgreens. View current promotions and reviews of Medical Gloves and get free shipping at $35.
Uline stocks a wide selection of disposable nitrile gloves, non-latex gloves and powder free nitrile gloves. Order by 6 pm for same day shipping. Huge Catalog! Two Locations in Canada for fast delivery of Nitrile Gloves.
Al Shields 5 ply White KN95 Disposable Respirator Face Mask -3 pk. 3 pk. Sign In to Add. In-Store Pickup Delivery Ship. $6. . 99.
Find a selection of high-quality Disposable Glove products at Costco Business Center for delivery to your business.
Face Shield Alit Medical. Port: FOB China Alit Medical offers premium quality Face Shield for B2B importers and distributors worldwide. Alit Medical is located in Hong Kong and deals exclusively in the production and export of Security & Protection products.
Business listings of Face Shield, Plastic and Glass Face Shield manufacturers, suppliers and exporters in Pune, फेस शील्ड विक्रेता, पुणे, Maharashtra along with their contact details & address. Find here Face Shield, Plastic and Glass Face Shield, Face Shield Corona, suppliers, manufacturers, wholesalers, traders with Face Shield prices for buying..
5 mil Nitrile Powder-Free Gloves, 100 Pc., XX-Large, Light Blue. 5 mil Nitrile Powder-Free Gloves, 100 Pc., XX-Large, Light Blue $ 17 99. Currently Unavailable. Currently Unavailable Add to My List. Save even more with the harbor freight credit card. Get 10% ….
Medical Gloves at Walgreens. View current promotions and reviews of Medical Gloves and get free shipping at $35.
Shop our selection of Medical Gloves and Masks at London Drugs today! Get free shipping on orders over $75 or free in store pickup when you buy online. ... Vitacore CAN99 Disposable Face Mask - 5's. $17.24. Reg. $22.99. View Special Offers PA. Kids 3 Layer Disposable Mask - 50s. $9.99. Reg. $24.99. View Special Offers PA. PA Washable 3D Face ...
Ubuntu delusion: BuildYourUbuntu.com won’t come to life, trademarks win, ideas lose
May 21, 2007
Law and freedom Linux Things I do Trademarks Ubuntu
Introduction:
We (CreaLabs) are Ubuntu affiliate because of:
- some Ubuntu promotion/spreading activities
- 2 ubuntu derivative distros: ubuntu italian iso, ufficio zero
- Ubuntu Customization Kit
We constantly and actively support open source and free software with many projects (check crealabs.it for the list).
All of these projects were created and are maintained for free.
The new condition
Ubuntu affiliate program changed, actually some points of the new programs are not clear to me but I read
The other tracks have distinct revenue requirements for progression through them. These numbers are not being made public, but will help you understand the reasons for the tiers.
[cut]
The figures are the revenue that flows to Canonical from sales that you make. These sales can be made up from the range of Canonical services and future product offerings.
These may look initially high, but we have set the bar for the highest level quite high intentionally. Any partner that reaches gold tier has really earned it.
We have based the tiers on revenue to alleviate any potential entry fee to the programme.
I can’t really understand if we’ll have to pay to remain affiliate or not… anyway I hope more info will be given us.
The idea
We said “hey, if we’ll have to pay, let’s try building some real business on Ubuntu, so we can remain affiliate”.
Working on UCK the idea was easy, build a website where people can customize their Ubuntu adding software, language support and many other things and get their brand new shining DVD at home for a price.
I wanted to call that buildyourubuntu.com. It seem to us that’s really a good name, you can understand what the service do and that’s what we want.
A good business must have a good name, a good business would bring us revenue and we would give part of them to Canonical (we haven’t decided prices and revenues yet) for the affiliate program and would keep alive our free projects and maybe build other new free services.
The problem
Ubuntu is a trademark, we can’t use that name without a license.
We write to Canonical trademarks team.
The answer
After 3 weeks we get a “NO, you can’t use that name for your business, you could for a free service but not for a business one”.
Why? Because it could seem too “official” meaning “related to Canonical”.
Our delusion
How would you call a service that build a custom Ubuntu for you? Oh I don’t want to hear flickr/scriptaculous clones please.
The point is, I think I can say we do fair play with free software, it’s not right to avoid us the possibility to create a new original service that would also bring money to Ubuntu itself.
Sure we can call that service “BuildYourOs.com” or “BuildYourDistro.com” or “BuildYourLinux.com” but:
- it’s not clear: you can’t understand we’re ONLY talking about Ubuntu
- it’s simply ugly, if you work in marketing tell me if I’m wrong
- Linux is a trademark too thus you must gain a license to use the Linux name
Is my love for Ubuntu ruined?
Actually I don’t know, I’m feeling really sad right now.
I can understand Canonical’s stance. I think CustomizeUbuntu would be accepted, would that be an idea?
Vincent | May 21, 2007 | Reply
 Balliano | May 21, 2007 | Reply,
ubuntista | May 22, 2007 | Reply
@ubuntista: :)
Fabrizio Balliano | May 22, 2007 | Reply
update:
After 3 weeks we get a “NO, you can’t use that name for your business, you could for a free service but not for a business one”.
Fabrizio Balliano | May 22, 2007 | Reply | May 22, 2007 | Reply
@vincent: well we can discuss about that, I think I could also sign an agreement with Canonical I won’t sell the domain, that’s absolutely not a problem. For the Ubuntu related thing… what would be different if the project is done for free?
Fabrizio Balliano | May 22, 2007 | Reply
Netbackup migration from C to D drive
Created: 22 Aug 2013 • Updated: 02 Oct 2013 | 6 comments
This issue has been solved. See solution.
Hi All,
As my netbackup master server runs on C drive with the version 7.1.0.4 which is running out of space. Currently has 122 MB free left.
But i have more than 12 GB free space in my D drive. Which is from separate disk.
I have already moved my image datbase to D drive long time ago. Please provide me with steps to migrate the master server application from C to D drive.
Please find the configuration details given below.
OS Name Microsoft(R) Windows(R) Server 2003, Standard Edition
Version 5.2.3790 Service Pack 2 Build 3790
Other OS Description R2
OS Manufacturer Microsoft Corporation
System Name MP080BKPIP01
System Manufacturer HP
System Model ProLiant DL380 G4
System Type X86-based PC
Processor x86 Family 15 Model 4 Stepping 10 GenuineIntel ~3600 Mhz
Processor x86 Family 15 Model 4 Stepping 10 GenuineIntel ~3600 Mhz
Processor x86 Family 15 Model 4 Stepping 10 GenuineIntel ~3600 Mhz
Processor x86 Family 15 Model 4 Stepping 10 GenuineIntel ~3600 Mhz
BIOS Version/Date HP P51, 7/19/2007
SMBIOS Version 2.3
Windows Directory C:\WINDOWS
System Directory C:\WINDOWS\system32
Boot Device \Device\HarddiskVolume1
Locale United States
Hardware Abstraction Layer Version = "5.2.3790.3959 (srv03_sp2_rtm.070216-1710)"
User Name Not Available
Time Zone Central Daylight Time
Total Physical Memory 3,583.47 MB
Available Physical Memory 2.64 GB
Total Virtual Memory 7.14 GB
Available Virtual Memory 6.24 GB
Page File Space 3.79 GB
Page File C:\pagefile.sys
Operating Systems:
Discussion Filed Under:
hi,
<<<<EDIT>>>>
Removing the contect on this commment as it is not recommended... to make sure it will not mislead others..
<<<EDIT>>>>
No! Do not follow TECH9558!
It was written for NBU 3.4 - many years before EMM database was introduced in NBU 6.0.
There was another TN that detailed steps to move post NBU 6.x to another drive letter, but Symantec has in the meantime removed the TN, because the process is not viewed as a DIY job. Simply way too many things that can go wrong....
Best to contact a Symantec Consulting partner via your local Symantec office.
Supporting Storage Foundation and VCS on Unix and Windows as well as NetBackup on Unix and Windows
Handy NBU Links
Opps.. Thank you very much for correction.. :-)
Hi Marianne,
Thanks for the advice.
But is it possible to use nbdb_move for migrattion
nbdb_move is just ONE step in a multi-step process.
As per my previous post - just too many things that can go wrong.
Symantec Support will not be able to assist you if NBU breaks as a result of a manual move.
Supporting Storage Foundation and VCS on Unix and Windows as well as NetBackup on Unix and Windows
Handy NBU Links
Thanks Marianne.
Will contact symantec for further proccessing.
This thread is locked. Please start a new discussion.
By Heidi Cho
My definition of good writing has become increasingly ambiguous, between the academic papers, poems, novels and news articles I read. It was a welcome change to see the Nobel Prize in Literature winner — Kazuo Ishiguro — in my newsfeed between the natural disasters and nuclear war threats.
I naturally assumed that if one wins the Nobel Prize in Literature, there must be a reason. I thought to myself that Ishiguro’s work could surely remind me of what good writing is because only good writing could win a Nobel Prize.
The naive trust I had in the Nobel Prize Foundation was only ripped away by this decision, much like Morty’s faith in superheroes in the “Vindicators 3: The Return of Worldender” episode of “Rick and Morty.” The lack of justification behind Ishiguro’s prize made me reconsider the Norwegian Nobel Committee’s authority to award the Nobel Prize.
Several media outlets scrambled to release Ishiguro’s life and works. “The Remains of the Day” and “Never Let Me Go” are two of his most prominent works, according to The New York Times.
While writing, “The Remains of the Day,” Ishiguro’s wrote from 9 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. — Monday through Saturday — for an entire month, according to The Atlantic. These long endless hours spent writing his award-winning historical romance novel really show the author’s work ethic and passion for literature.
Ishiguro was strategic in his writing, and he challenged what it took for a story to be fantasy with his novel, “The Buried Giant,” according to The Guardian.
The official Nobel Prize description of Ishiguro’s writing flagged in comparison to the detailed pieces by The Atlantic and The Guardian.
Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, offered more insight into why Ishiguro won the Nobel Prize for Literature in an interview on the official Nobel Prize YouTube channel.
“He doesn’t look to the side. He has developed an aesthetic universe all his own,” Danius said, offering a snippet into the reasoning of Norwegian Nobel Committee’s decision.
On a grander scale, that offers no reasoning for why Ishiguro’s work was chosen over others. While there does not have to be a rubric for choosing a Nobel Prize winner — and there isn’t one — I feel like there could be more done to show the thought process of how the members of the Nobel Prize Organization chose winners.
The confidential nature of the prize selection process demands an element of trust on the behalf of the public. It could be contested that the trust of the public was broken when the committee in 1949 awarded Egas Moniz, a laureate for his studies on lobotomies, according to Nobelprize.org.
The committee awarded Moniz for a medical procedure that cured some patients of their mental illness, but actually robbed them of their personality and emotional capacity.
While the controversial procedure was considered a medical advance when Moniz received the award, the procedure is rarely performed today due to its harsh side effects.
The Nobel Foundation refused to acknowledge the mistake, or rescind the award, according to NBC.
In fact, the Nobel Foundation — as of Sept. 8 — has never revoked an award, even when faced with criticism, according to The Telegraph.
Amidst all the praise and prestige, it is easy to overlook the process of choosing a winner, especially when the names of the other competitors will be anonymous for 50 years, according to NPR.
Could the justification of Ishiguro’s award have been made clearer? How will the public know objectively why he won over his competition?
The Norwegian Nobel Committee has not broken the trust of the public to a point of public outrage. Providing more justification for each laureate could be a good way to prevent further accusations of bias. However, in time, the lack of transparency between the committee and the general public could lead to an event that would shatter the trust in the process permanently.
odor Adorno famously contended that “Even in a legendary better future, art could not disavow remembrance of accumulated horror, otherwise it’s form would be trivial.” How then, is one to think a better future in (post)colonial societies, while attending to the horrors of violent and unjust pasts? This collection seeks to address this question.
Comparative work in postcolonial studies often turns on the mode by which subaltern peoples were governed in the high colonial past. Framed in this way, ground for comparison has tended to concern the way the colonized suffered governmental classification, subjection, and regulation by the colonial state. David Scott’s seminal essay on this topic, grounded in colonial Ceylon, opened the way to much investigation. Similarly, Ann Laura Stoler’s work has incisively examined the relation between apparatuses of colonial governmentality in the former Dutch East Indies and French Indochina. There is much to be gained from this approach and, as the work of scholars like Patrick Wolfe have shown, analysis of colonial governmentality reveals how epistemologies of anthropology and colonial administration moved across colonial spaces. This collection aims to connect such analysis with the present, exploring the way revenants (in Derrida’s sense, particularly in Spectres of Marx) of such governmentality return and remain in apparently (post)colonial times.
How, for instance, do projects of national reconciliation account for, critique, and (at times) cover over the colonial traumas they seek to memorialize? How do postcolonies produce public spheres that challenge the memory of such colonial trauma? What are the lacunas and blindspots? How do postcolonial literatures challenge existing models of cultural memory? How are such challenges similarly refracted in festivals, public events, and other such performances? While the collection seeks to account for the historic legacy of colonial governmentality, it is the legacy that the collection most emphasizes---the mode of memorialization that persist at the end of the twentieth century and into the twenty-first; nonetheless, historical analyses of particular paradigms of colonial governmentality will be considered. Several publishers have expressed interest in the collection and, with your contribution, the project promises to be a strong contribution to the field.
Example topics that essays in the collection might explore include:
---postcolonial societies and cultural memory
---cultural memory within diasporic movements
---the governmentality of affect
---the relation between neoliberalism and postcoloniality
---the postcolony and necropolitics
---anticolonial and decolonizing movements and collective memory
---the mediation of cultural memory
---the politics of reconciliation
---indigenous responses to national projects of cultural memory
---literature and the public sphere in the postcolony
---film and the public sphere in the postcolony
The collection encourages comparative work, but could also include studies engaged in sustained analysis of single colonial and postcolonial texts, sites, and spaces. Similarly, literary, ethnographic, historical, and cultural analysis are all within the purview of the collection. Essays are to be between 6500 and 8500 words in length.
Please submit 500 word abstracts (including proposed essay title) and curriculum vitae to Michael R. Griffiths (mg3349@columbia.edu) by Octboer 15, 2012.
If full essays are completed and available, these may be sent along with the 500 word abstract.
1. There
are two kinds of action: substantial and accidental. The substantial action
of prime Chaos is composed of the ignificative, aerificative etc. and it
is the universal or common form which divides into individuals of species
in the third Chaos. Accidental action of the prime Chaos is the action
of the ignificative, not in its own essence, but in the essences of the
other elements, and the same applies to them. This accidental form is universal
to all the individual accidental forms in the third Chaos where it divides
itself into individual accidents present in supposites where each element
is active in the others, and this shows how action is divided in the prime
Chaos and in the third.
2. The
universal action of the prime Chaos, is form acting on its own matter so
that each elementative acts on its own elementable; it is a universal motive
power that moves all particular powers in the third Chaos, and hence, we
also understand that there is yet another universal motive power whereby
each elementative acts on the essences of the other elements, and under
which all particular accidental motive powers in the third degree are moved.
3. The
substantial form of each element is the same thing as its purely substantial
action, but because this form, while it acts substantially on its own matter,
also acts accidentally on alien matters, namely those of the other elements,
accidental action follows accidentally, as we see in fire whose form acts
on the matter of air etc. with its heat and light by heating and lighting
it, and therefore the form of air acts by accident with heat and light
on its own matter, as it acts on the entire essence so as to contain the
matter. The form of air also acts on its own matter substantially inasmuch
as this form is totally imbued and infused throughout the entirety of its
own matter. And this applies likewise to the other elements, which shows
that there is both substantial and accidental action.
4. Each
element has a dual action, sensible and insensible. The insensible action
is the one which can in no way be sensed by any corporeal sense, and this
is the one whereby simple fire acts on its own proper simple matter resulting
in a simple element; but the sensible action is the one whereby the entire
supposite aggregated from the four elements is sensibly hot, or cold and
so forth.
5. Substantial
action, which is substantial form, is quantified in itself and in its own
matter, and it is qualified by accident in other remote forms and other
remote matters when each element acts in the others, as we see when heat
accidentally acts on moisture, and so forth.
6. Given
that the action of the prime Chaos is diffused throughout the entirety
of the Chaos, it flows universally into the third Chaos, and its influx
is received by the third Chaos in particular ways, because the third Chaos
is distinctly divided into species and supposites. This shows that universal
or common action is real, and that it divides itself as the third Chaos
receives it, and disperses itself into the parts which come into action
in the third Chaos.
7. In
the third Chaos there is a certain agent which receives matter from the
prime Chaos, in which there is likewise another agent which gives it. Therefore
the prime Chaos, under the recipient's action, enters into the action and
passion of the third, whence arises the mixture of both degrees of Chaos,
as we see in a wheat grain generating many grains, when its form receives
influence from the first Chaos and acts on its own matter as the first
Chaos enters formally and materially into the form and matter of the generating
grain, while the form of this grain acts by reproducing and many similar
grains of its own species.
8. In
the form of fire there is intense active heat with which form acts on its
own matter in which there is intense passive heat, so that throughout the
entire essence of fire there is extended heat composed of action and passion,
and under it, fire is essentially present in supposites together with the
essences of the other elements.
9. The
action of the prime Chaos is incessant and incorruptible everywhere within
the lunar sphere. In the third Chaos it is incessant but corruptible as
some supposites fall into corruption, given that as a supposite is destroyed,
its action is deprived of its individual being and reverts to the prime
Chaos while the parts of the deprived supposite enter into the mixture
of the prime Chaos, whence they later revert to the third Chaos under some
other numerically different individual supposite.
Sword of Rome – Boardgame Review
Down the Appian Way
So you want to build a Republic? It’s not easy doing so when you have tribes nipping at your heel, Gauls raiding your villages and a massive Greek war machine building power just over the horizon. The problems of nation building in the 386 to 272 BC period of history are brought out in fine manner using GMT’s excellent new card-driven game Sword of Rome.
Sword of Rome covers the period of Rome’s rise to prominence from a nascent republic to the beginnings of empire just prior to the Punic Wars.. This success is a credit to Wray Ferrell, Sword’s designer (his first title).
- Subscribe online and save nearly 40%!
The Sword and the Spear
GMT once again provides us with a well presented and produced game. The area movement map is well rendered, is pleasing to the eye, and gives historical flavor while remaining functional to the game play. There are three types of spaces: a normal space, a walled city space and a tribal space. Units move along paths, which can be clear, rough or strait; the Romans can even build the Appian Way to speed their legions along. The counters are colorful and, like the map, remain functional while also giving historical flavor. The combat unit markers simply give a value for the strength of the army and can be exchanged like money to reflect the changes of strength due to combat and reinforcement. They also contain a nice drawing of a warrior of the nation or tribe it represents. The leader counters show a helmet worn by that nation’s army, the name of the leader (or simply "Minor Leader"), an initiative (for activation) rating, and a tactical rating. That is all the information one needs to glean from the counters; it’s simple and it works. There are also markers for city loyalty, control of spaces and other game information.
The key components of this game are the four decks of Strategy Cards. These cards are the fuel that drives the game by allowing players to activate leaders and move units, build new forces, disrupt other players’ moves, and even bring the "non-player" powers of the Trans-Alpine Gauls, Volsci and Carthaginians into the action . Players expend these cards as part of their action phase, five of which make up a turn. In the nine game turns, players will use a minimum of 45 cards. I say "a minimum" because you can also play cards in response to another player’s cards, and combat cards to enhance your forces or degrade those of your opponent at the moment of combat. To make things even more unpredictable, each player has two "desperate times" cards that he can throw down at almost any time to give him another action phase in addition to the 5 per turn. This adds up to a highly interactive and fluid game where almost anything goes. Because of the ability of players to interrupt the sequence of play, they have the ability to quickly upset the plans of the other powers. But what goes around comes around, and one’s own plans can be hit hard too. But don’t get me wrong. I’m not trying to portray a game that is totally wild. A healthy dose of realism tempers the action with things such as combat losses, flanks to protect, limited activation of some leaders, and what I think is the genius behind the game, the unique strengths and weakness of each of the player powers in the game.
Sword of Rome cards and counters
Consuls to the Senate
This uniqueness of strengths and weaknesses is portrayed well while keeping the game play mechanics identical for each player. My hat is off to Mr. Ferrell for accomplishing this feat. He did so by having simple movement and combat mechanics that apply to all players, but giving them certain attributes and situations that force each power into their historical roles. For example, The Roman player has a strong army that rebounds easily from combat losses. Rome can build walled cities thus allowing them to consolidate gains. But they have to receive new leaders (the Consuls) every turn, and may get strong ones or weak ones. Once a game they can bring in the Dictator, who is a very strong military leader. The Greeks are very strong militarily and have the best leaders on the board, but by being a democracy they have to build up loyalty in their cities every turn to be able maintain the leaders on the board. This, coupled with the fact that the Greek leaders have (for the most part) high activation ratings, makes it difficult for the Greeks to launch continuous operations.
The Gauls, on the other hand, have a different way of gaining victory points from the other players; they need to plunder territory and cities to win. They can move faster than the other players and can suddenly appear down a coast raiding and looting along the way. But it is difficult to do long term planning for the Gauls, as they must draw a new hand every turn. They also have to deal with the pesky Trans-alpine Gauls who may suddenly appear on their northern frontier. The Etruscan-Samnite player has two tribes to handle. His Etruscans are wedged between Rome and the Gauls and his Samnites are in the hills between the Greeks and Romans. This player can be the big spoiler and needs to be clever in who he takes on, and with whom he allies. But their strength lies in the ability to bribe off attacks and the Samnites are well protected in the hills of south-central Italy.
There is an underlying political and loyalty control system to this game. It is very subtle, but very important to the game play. One needs to control areas and cities or your armies can suffer attrition. You gain control by either spending activation cards to place control markers, by card-induced events, or by winning battles. It took me a few turns to figure out how the political control system worked and what it was doing for the game. It is probably the most complex part of this title and needs to be well understood by the players. The game comes with a Playbook that gives an extensive replay of one whole turn of a four-player game. I recommend new players set up and go through the example to see how the different mechanics interact. This will provide a sense of how the game works.
[continued on next page]
It’s also a much better game than Kingmaker.
The ways you affect loyalty points and the consequences of losing battle are confusing, however, the list of what you can and can’t do is exhaustive and unambiguous, which really helps.
Products
IKG® carries metal grating panels in stock for a variety of products, including Weldforged® grating, swage locked grating, aluminum plank and pressure locked metal-bar grating, to match your specific application or project. With over a century of experience in metal grate floor panels, you can rely on IKG to supply the best product available.
Immediate delivery when and where you need it manufactured to NAAMM standards.
IKG provides metal grate panels with options for every application
Our stock grating products come in either carbon/stainless steel or aluminum. Our metal floor panels are available in a variety of surfaces and finishes including our proprietary MEBAC® slip-resistant surface coating to enhance safety in heavy foot-traffic areas where liquids such as water or lubricants may be present.
The number one supplier of stock panels
Customers world-wide have benefited from IKG metal grating panels in stock. Some of the many applications include bridges, walkways, factories, distribution centers, water and wastewater treatment plants, industrial sites and any other area of heavy traffic where safety is a prime concern.
Regardless of the application or drivers affecting your decision—economics, strength, safety, architectural appearance or maximum passage of heat, light and air—you can rely on IKG to supply the best product in the industry today. The IKG sales team can answer any questions you may have about our products and help place your order for metal grating panels in stock. Our safety and quality experts will ensure the best possible product is supplied on time and on spec for your next project.
Click Here procedures and coverings are rapidly catching up with other forms of cosmetic solutions that men and women want to matter themselves to, for lots of causes from aesthetic to health-related. On the other hand, deciding upon the correct expert to some beauty dental treatment on the teeth might be pretty a job.
There might be a set of inquiries you desire to request by yourself in deciding upon an experienced that you choose to can have confidence in to perform a very good position. After all, it entails lots of time, energy and income and a single that needs a meticulously considered out determination.
In supporting arriving with the correct choice, there are some fundamental issues that need to have a lot more than satisfactory responses.
one. Could be the cosmetic dentist suitably qualified?
This can be the most significant question. Beauty Dentistry just isn’t identified as a specialty place via the American Dental Association but accreditations from the American Academy of Beauty Dentistry (AACD) is usually a ought to for each dentist who can hope to hold out cosmetic methods. Dentists getting accreditations from the AACD have been through a substantial amount of money of education and learning and training in cosmetic dentistry, passed complete oral and penned examinations, introduced not less than 5 instances of cosmetic dentistry methods ahead of a panel of experts and get an oath to stick to quite higher specifications of ethics in cosmetic dentistry therapy. With these qualifications and qualifications less than his belt, a dentist is taken into account as getting realized the very best level of competence. Even following possessing received accreditation, a cosmetic dentist is required to actively get involved in continuing instruction programs and become abreast from the hottest know-how developments in dental therapies.
2. Does the dentist have working experience in specialty strategies particularly while in the area you are looking for?
For starters, it can would you a environment of excellent to study up and have some qualifications research in to the dental course of action you would like to get. A cosmetic dentist who focuses primarily on many areas looks like a very good decision especially if you need two or a few various strategies. On the other hand, if the support requires is highly specialized, the very best bet would be to go along with a expert in that specific spot who will present solutions and variants for virtually any considerable work. But that specialization should be combined with adequate encounter from the course of action required.
3. Does the dentist have records of final results of prior patients and can you speak to a single or two of these for reference / testimonies?
Taking a look at documents and images of prior beauty dental employment completed by the dentist could be a fantastic means of gauging his dentistry abilities. Make sure these records are latest kinds and not more mature and find out if you can talk to a number of them to reassure your self you are creating the correct selection. The success fee and good testimonials of beauty dental strategies associated with a individual dentist converse volumes about his abilities.
four. Has the dentist proven inclination to enhance information and competencies and reveals fascination in keeping up to date?
Beauty dental processes as well as technological innovation included in carrying them out are frequently turning out to be more and a lot more refined. In case you see that the dentist you technique would seem unwilling to choose the periods and is extra inclined to sticking to older techniques, it’s possible you’ll want to rethink your final decision. A dentist ought to be committed to finding out more about the job and preserving forward of dentistry improvements.
5. Will be the dentist and his medical affected individual oriented?
By making discreet enquiries regarding the dentist and his office environment, it is straightforward to collect information and facts on if the process and cure go together with your necessities; any fantastic dentist might be a very good listener to the patient’s specifications and options and counsel superior selections and information. A dentist that is keen on pushing a way or treatment you are unable to relate to is following a set agenda.
six. Is definitely the dentist experienced with regards to the most recent technological innovation and is also the clinic perfectly geared up?
Some dentists consider over a particular job and half-way through the process really should a thing not go as planned, seek to get the patient referred to a different expert. This can be not merely unethical but does not communicate effectively about his practice. A dental clinic that isn’t only clean, very well offered and hygienic but outfitted with infrastructure for sedation, oral imaging, x-rays, lasers, CAD/CAM restoration and so forth. right away inspires self-assurance about his treatment method.
7. Will be the dentist the receiver of excellence / finest follow awards and accreditations?
Awards and accreditations discuss volumes about a dentist’s specializations and his commitment into the job. But be certain that these accreditations have already been given by organizations or agencies that happen to be pertinent to dentistry and dental apply.
8. And finally, would be the dental clinic a feel-good location by having an informal atmosphere?
Some visits to doctor’s clinics could be laying aside entirely specially if your atmosphere, atmosphere and assistance workers appear to ship negative vibes. A calming and reassuring dental chair which has a helpful dentist and reassuring workers and companies choose away unwelcome fears and uncertainties and help give a relaxed environment to hold out the dental method.
Stephanie Brown, executive director of the Asheville Convention and Visitors Bureau unveiled the new site March 21 at the Creative Sector Summit. Photo by Mica Mead courtesy of the Asheville Area Arts Council.
A free new Web portal, Asheville Arts Alive, launched March 21, aiming to help local artists connect with tourists and their dollars.
Details of the project, a collaboration between the Asheville Area Arts Council and the Asheville Convention and Visitors Bureau, were announced at the Creative Sector Summit, a three-day conference devoted to exploring and expanding the local arts industry. Tourists spend about $1.5 billion in Buncombe County every year, and organizers said they hope the new Asheville Arts Alive website will help funnel more of that money to local artists.
“The arts portal is an exciting project,” says Stephanie Brown, executive director of the Convention and Visitors Bureau. The organization is hosting the portal as part of its existing Exploreasheville.com site, which, each year, attracts 3.5 million users who use it to help plan their vacations.
The idea is for creative professionals and organizations to be able to post profiles and event information free of charge, directing potential new customers their way even before they set foot in town. The site allows qualifying members with free accounts to post a wide range of promotional information as well as photos, videos and social media content.
“This is a really fantastic thing that’s been in the works for a while,” says Kitty Love, executive director of the Arts Council. “Those profiles are like websites embedded into the system.” The more people and organizations that participate, the better an economic driver it will be, she adds.
Although Brown cautions that the site is still a work in progress, she says that artists are needed now to “put in content as its being designed.”
For more details and to apply for an account visit.
One thought on “The birth of Asheville Arts Alive: new web portal aims to connect artists and tourists”
Has the Asheville Arts Alive website actually launched, as the article states? The link given leads to ExploreAsheville. When will the website be online?
What ever happened to the Asheville arts website that Charlie Flynn-McIver was launching, with a large grant ($50,000?) from the Tourism Development Authority? Do these kind of combined website listings lead to ticket sales and sales of art? Is there any data about their effectiveness?
- ½ cup agave syrup
- 1 cup water
- ½ pound raisins
- ¾ pound pitted and chopped dates
- 4 ½ cups flour
- ¾ cup butter, softened
- ¾ cup coconut oil, solid
- 1 teaspoon salt
- 2 eggs
- ½ teaspoon vanilla
- ¾ cup agave or maple syrup
- 3 cups unsweetened shredded coconut
- 1 cup chopped nuts (walnuts, pecans, etc.)
Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Oil a 9×13 pan with a little coconut oil and set aside.
In a large saucepan, place ½ cup agave syrup, water, raisins, and dates. Simmer for 10-15 minutes. Set aside a let cool
In a large bowl combine the flour, butter, coconut oil, and salt. Work all ingredients together until crumbly and add eggs, vanilla, ¾ cup agave or maple syrup, coconut, and nuts of your choice. Mix everything together and divide in half.
Press half of the dough into the prepared pan and spread the cooled date mixture over the top. Crumble remaining dough over the top and bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until slightly browned. Cool, cut, and enjoy! They will be the talk of the party!
Recipe submitted by Christine, Orem, UT
Published on July 26, 2008
5 Comments
 dedicated to our group. We gather as a community for strengthening, accountability, to develop mindfulness and engage in social justice opportunities. As contemplative activists who have made a heart commitment to soul work using the group and group members for accountability and support, we celebrate our intentional sisterhood. We share and care.
Group guidelines: These intentions provide the basis for our interactions in Namasté
- Confidentiality: Listen with an open mind/heart and without judgment. What is said in the group, stays in the group.
- Speak from the heart and as an expression of the voice of God. Tell your story rather than piggybacking or providing commentary. Our response to another’s sharing is to affirm silently or with a few words of encouragement. Our sharing time is NOT about problem solving, analyzing, intellectualizing, or political or theological discourse, although those discussions are encouraged outside of the group meeting.
- Reciprocity: We all share responsibility for programs and facilitation, which translates to group members’ planning and leading meetings regularly. These sessions can be anything that moves your heart and soul that you would like to share with the group. If you have not signed up to lead, we will assign you facilitation dates around your reported absences.
- Respect time: Recognizing our limited time, we ensure all have an opportunity to speak if they desire (although no one is required to talk). Everyone ensures that the group begins and ends on time (7 – 8:30 PM).
- Be “all in”: Our group is about attentive presence, not perfect attendance. We are an “opt out” group. Let Ginny know if you will miss a meeting due to planned travels or events. If no one has heard from you and you miss the meeting, we will assume that you are in the midst of an emergency and someone will check on you ASAP.
- Honor your commitment: to fulfill Namaste’s purposes, we choose to abide by these guidelines and hold each other accountable.
Market Research
The most comprehensive market research reports for the food and beverage tourism industry. Scroll to the bottom for the State of the Food Travel Industry report.
About the food travel monitor.
food travel monitor
Top Insights
- Defining the Culinary Traveler
- Importance of Food to Leisure Travelers
- Food & Beverage Activities While Traveling
- PsychoCulinary Profiling: How Food Lovers Differ
- Financial Impact of Food-Loving Travelers
- Food-Related Decision Making Before the Trip
- Social Influence: How Travelers Influence Others
- Lasting Impact of Food Travel
- Satisfaction, Return Visitation & Recommendation
- Focus on Generation Z
- New addendum just added – Post-Pandemic Conclusions
And more, a total of 23 information-rich sections.
ORDER YOUR LICENSE
Limited License
€899
NO TAX/GST/VAT
Personal / internal use only – individuals/ entrepreneurs/ small businesses (up to 20 workers).
If you prefer to pay by wire transfer or need an invoice, get in touch with us instead of using the shopping cart.
Extended License
€2199
NO TAX/GST/VAT
For companies (21-99 workers) / institutions / NGOs / universities and businesses less than 3 locations.
Get this license if your office is 21 or more people, or if you need to do more with the information, e.g. borrow/ extract/ add value/ publish excerpts to your stakeholders, members, or company subsidiaries.
Companies with 100+ workers or 4 or more physical locations, please get in touch to discuss your licensing needs.
If you prefer to pay by wire transfer or need an invoice, get in touch with us instead of using the shopping cart.
You might also enjoy our free State of the Food Travel Industry Report.
Where to Stream:True Memoirs of an International Assassin
True Memoirs of an International Assassin isn’t going to change your opinion of Kevin James.
The new Netflix film stars James as an office drone by day/writer by night whose life gets turned upside down when his fiction novel about a deadly assassin gets published as a nonfiction novel and he is (naturally) mistaken for a deadly assassin.
Hilarity, you guessed it, ensues.
If you generally enjoy Kevin James’ madcap shenanigans and didn’t instantly think “Does Google not exist in this movie?” when you read that last sentence, you will probably like this film. If you rolled your eyes with the antipathy of 1,001 Paul Blarts forced to deal with a cadre of meddlesome teens at a poorly air-conditioned food court, this movie probably won’t be your particular brand of whiskey if you’re picking up what I’m putting down. Nobody is on the fence about Kevin James. I highly doubt there’s someone out there thinking, “I’ll wait until after Paul Blart: Mall Cop 3 until I render my final verdict on the case of Me vs. Liking Kevin James.”
And if by some chance you actually are having those thoughts, you’re not even the number one Paul Blart: Mall Cop fan, buddy.
For the most part, True Memoirs of an International Assassin is exactly what you’d expect from a Kevin James comedy, but there is one small detail that made the film immensely more enjoyable: the use of Spanish-language versions of American pop songs.
After Kevin James’ character is mistaken for an international assassin known as “The Ghost,” he’s kidnapped and transported to Venezuela where he is repeatedly ordered to kill a number of people. These exchanges usually go something like this:
Sometimes Andy Garcia/Sometimes another character: I want you to kill Corrupt Person A.
Kevin James: I really don’t want to kill Corrupt Person A.
SAG/SAC: If you kill Corrupt Person A, we will let you go home.
Kevin James: But I’m not an assassin.
SAG/SAC: Yes you are. Kill Corrupt Person A or we’ll kill you.
Kevin James: Okay.
This happens somewhere between three and fifty times.
But as Kevin James — who I must once again reiterate people believe to be an international assassin because his book was labeled as non-fiction — goes from character to character receiving orders to kill a different person like some kind of malfunctioning Rube Goldberg Assassination Machine, we’re treated to catchy Spanish-language versions of Taylor Swift’s “Shake It Off,” Phil Collins’ “In The Air Tonight,” and The Clash’s “Should I Stay or Should I Go” that imbue the scenes with some much-needed verve. But music supervisor Julianne Jordan, who’s worked in the music department for films like Pitch Perfect, Sisters, and Mr. & Mrs. Smith, saved the best for last.
As the film reaches its conclusion and Kevin James is about to head off into the “and he lived happily ever after” sunset, a Spanish-language version of The Outfield’s seminal ’80s classic “Your Love” begins to play. While most of the songs from the sensational soundtrack are unfortunately unavailable, this one (and Duran Duran’s “Hungry Like the Wolf”) can be found online.
Enjoy!
[Watch True Memoirs of an International Assassin on Netflix]
'007 In New York'
Buyers of the latest UK and U.S. editions of Octopussy and The Living Daylights will be surprised to find an additional short story included, 007 in New York. This little-known Ian Fleming James Bond short story has never been published as a part of the official Bond collection before. The story includes a special introduction by Fleming’s former literary agent and retired Glidrose chairman, Peter Janson-Smith, who explains its history.
Fleming originally wrote this very short story (it’s only eight pages) for The New York Herald Tribune in 1963 where it was first published as Agent 007 in New York.
(Fleming’s original title was Reflections in a Carey Cadillac.) The story was later included in Fleming’s non-fictional work, Thrilling Cities, a travelogue collection of the author’s impressions of various cities around the world. The story was included in this book as a counterpoint to Fleming’s own harsh judgment of the city, and to alleviate fears that American readers would take offense. Fleming may not love New York, but James Bond does, so… Strangely enough, 007 in New York only appears in the U.S. edition of Thrilling Cities. The first UK publication of the short story wasn’t until 1999 when it was featured in a Sunday Times supplemental magazine tie-in with The World Is Not Enough. When Ian Fleming Publications reissued all the Fleming titles in 2002, 007 in New York was at last included as part of the official canon, appearing in the Octopussy collection. The U.S. edition was released last week (see Publication of Final 2 “Retro” Fleming Books Marks Milestone).
So what’s in this story for Bond fans? Not much action-wise. Instead it features a mostly internal monologue in which 007 muses on the sights, sounds, and his own memories of New York City as he travels to warn a girl who used to work for SIS that she is dating a Russian spy. Bond has arranged to meet her at the Reptile House at the Central Park Zoo–until he realizes that the Central Park Zoo has no reptile house! Nevertheless, Bond looks forward to the many pleasures the city has to offer (he considers the best meal in the city “oyster stew with cream, crackers, and Miller High Life” served at Grand Central Station’s Oyster Bar), and especially looks forward to spending the night with a girl named Solange.
A memorable highlight of the story is when Bond gives his precise recipe for.
And you thought he was picky about his martinis!
Of course, hardcore fans will recall that it was in New York where Bond killed his second man in cold blood and thus received his double-oh license to kill. Unfortunetly, Bond does not include this memory among his other recollections of the city.
The U.S. edition of Octopussy & The Living Daylights (featuring cover art by artist Richie Fahey) can be ordered from BN.com. UK buyers can purchase the book from amazon.co.uk.
In the same research done by the ACSM Health Journal, they analyzed 44 walkers of all totally different fitness levels and heights. They found that walking (15-minute mile) actually used more steps than jogging (12-minute mile), for the rationale that step length decreased as people moved quicker. On the low end, a 6′ man strolling at a brisk 14 minutes per mile might cowl round 1750 steps in a mile of walking. However, you are welcome to have a try to check your time for yourself. Take for instance the skilled athletes in the Tour de France; these guys have the ideal health of a biker. They have conditioned their our bodies to endure biking over lengthy distances at a quick and nearly regular pace.
- 4The intercept for fashions of distance per trip was 0.47 miles.
- Your forearms should brush your hips to keep your stride forward.
- It provides you with a fairly first rate thought about your step length for brisk walks as well as operating.
- For a mean particular person to stroll this explicit distance, it’ll take roughly 20 minutes to complete successfully.
Digital pedometers report not solely your steps based on your physique’s movement however will convert those steps to miles. Some even tell the time and estimate the calories you’ve burned primarily based on your physique weight. Less-sophisticated pedometers simply click on off the variety of steps taken.
You Presumably Can Follow Some Directions For Safety Before Strolling:
In extreme cases, arthritis can have debilitating impacts on people, limiting their ability to work, be energetic, and more. Of course, concentration isn’t solely essential for college and work. Perhaps you want to maintain your focus sharp so you’ll find a way to enjoy studying a guide or write that novel you are decided to publish.
Walking A Mile Provides You Pain Reduction
Walking throughout pregnancy period may help you to scale back fatigue and other forms of being pregnant related illnesses. It additionally helps you to lose your weight and forestall from getting non communicable diseases like diabetes. By participating in walking at least 30 minutes you’ll able to improve your cardiovascular and pulmonary fitness. You might do higher getting your steps in at a park or on a scenic highway versus a health club, though. “Walking exterior also has mood-boosting results,” the expert continued.
I’m fifty one years old, 5′, eleven”, about 210 lbs & have been strolling for train for slightly over a 12 months & walked so much before that as well. I would describe it as how long does a mile take to walk really brisk stroll for me. In general, you’re taking a look at about 100 calories per mile if you’re shifting at a brisk tempo. Wearing a health tracker or pedometer is an easy approach to observe your steps each day.
Should you adored this short article as well as you would like to obtain more info relating to walking pace for a mile kindly pay a visit to our web-site.
Katarina General Guide by Persion Katarina, the Sinister Blade. Katarina is an AP Carry who outstands in teamfights. Katarina can clear out minion waves on a short time period. Katarina is a strong and versatile ganker who can easily get to her target and get away from her target.
Although you can easily jump into teamfights and get loads of kills, Katarina isn't a tank. She can't 1v5 the whole enemy team on a normal score. Katarina can only be very effective when she gets kills early game. Katarina is a melee champ, which makes it a bit harder for her to get easy minion kills early game.
This is my first guide I've ever made.
Pros / Cons
Pros:
+ Fast minion wave clearer
+ Very strong late game
+ No mana
+ Great teamfighter
+ Highly rewarding
Cons:
- Needs kills to be effective
- Isn't a tank, can't jump in 1v5 like she's Malphite
- Melee mage
- Gets focused a lot
Runes
In my opinion, pretty standard AP Carry runes. The AP gives some nice damage, while Magic Resist helps you in mid almost always to survive easily and the Magic Penetration makes sure people who build Magic Resist won't take too much less damage from you.
Masteries
Pretty standard AP Carry masteries.
Ability Power, Cooldown Reduction and Magic Penetration in Offense.
Health Regen, Health and Magic Resist in Defense.
Nothing in Utility, since Katarina doesn't need this tree. She doesn't have any mana and isn't a support either.
Items
Probably everyone thought at the beginning of this build while they were looking at the items: Where is the Hextech Revolver?
Well, Katarina doesn't need it. In my opinion, the Deathfire Grasp is a lot better early game on Katarina. She will deal tons of damage when you are doing Death Lotus and you use your active on Deathfire Grasp.
Other items are pretty obvious in my opinion. The Abyssical Scepter and the Zhonya's Hourglass make it easier for you to survive teamfights, since you get focused a lot as Katarina. The Liandry's Torment is great for the end game, since you will deal too much damage for the enemy team to even react to it, and best of all, when you get a kill or assist, you can just Shunpo to the next target and so on!
I don't start with Doran's Ring, because Katarina can get some crazy damage on her early game. This is why she needs to have Health Pots in the beginning.
Skill Sequence
Q: Bouncing Blades
W: Sinister Steel
E: Shunpo
R: Death Lotus
R > Q > W > E
To jump into fights: Q -> E -> W -> R
And then continue this order the whole game.
Farming
Try to get Creep Score by doing this order:
Q -> W
If you really want to farm a little bit more without auto-attacking, use Shunpo, but be sure you won't be ganked or you'll probably be dead.
Tips
You should get some wards in your inventory to:
- Put in your lane to Shunpo away from possible ganks
- Get over obstacles by putting the ward over the wall and Shunpo towards it
Get your teammates to be near to you over a wall when you are running away, since you could just Shunpo over the wall to get away from fights, and maybe bait some people to flash as well and melt their face down.
You must be logged in to comment. Please login or register.
Septic Tank Contractor in Tavares, FL
Eliminate clogs and other problems with ease when you turn to the team at American Septic Inc for your services. At our local company, our septic tank contractor in Tavares, FL, offers a range of services for customers throughout the area. No matter what type of problem you are experiencing, we have the expertise you need to tackle the issue. Speak with our septic system contractor today to request a full fix for any type of problem.
Keeping Septic Systems Running
Take care of your system issues when you work with our professional contractors for your services. From repairs to general maintenance, we have you covered for every type of project. Our family-owned company is available to perform a variety of different service options for any type of setup. We offer the following for our customers:
- Septic Tank Pumping
- Emergency Septic Tank Repairs
- Lift Station Services
- Septic Tank System Repairs
- Septic Tank Inspections
- Septic Tank System Replacements
Count on Our Septic System Contractor
When you are dealing with a sudden septic issue, finding a reputable contractor can be scary, stressful, and time-consuming. Receive the top septic tank service when you trust our team with your work. Our family-owned company is dedicated to providing customers with professional, prompt, and efficient work. With our knowledge and expertise, you will have the right team on your side to tackle every problem.
A Complete Inspection
At our company, we believe you should receive top service at a price that doesn’t break the bank. Before starting any work, our septic tank contractor performs a comprehensive inspection of your system. Once we identify your specific needs, we are able to tailor our plan to restore your setup.
Emergency Options from Our Septic Contractor
Unfortunately, it is impossible to predict when disaster will strike. When you are dealing with a sudden issue with your septic systems, we ensure that you receive a fast and effective fix without delay. Our team offers emergency services 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Our Septic Tank Company Features Free Estimates
You have enough to spend money on without stressing over the cost of your septic services. Our company is committed to delivering top work at a price that fits every budget. We offer free estimates on all of our jobs for your convenience, and we never suggest repairs and other services that you do not truly need.
Contact us to use our septic system services for your setup. We serve customers located throughout Central Florida.
Thunder’s new album “Robert Johnson’s Tombstone” is released on 30th October on STC Recordings (via Universal). The band will tour the UK in November to support the new release.
The band have played 2 UK tours, 2 European Tours, done lots of festivals and finished off with a triumphant appearance at the Monsters of Rock Festival in Milton Keynes in June. They’ve recently released their fourth self financed DVD – a double affair called “Thunder Go Mad In Japan” – which, as the title suggests, was filmed on tour in Japan in February 2006. Disc 1 contains a documentary of the trip, and Disc 2 features a full blown 2 hour show. Harry performed with Ian Gillan at the Teenage Cancer Trust show at). The campaign for the new LP is gathering pace, and full details of all their activities can be found as ever at.”
Formed at the turn of 1989, Thunder have enjoyed an eventful career that has thankfully witnessed more highs than lows. The release of “Robert Johnson’s Tombstone” finds the quintet on a very remarkable high, and in a position where they are pretty much masters of their own destiny.
Having known each other since they were 11 and been playing in bands together since they were 15, Danny and Luke knew exactly what they were going for when they began demo-ing tracks with Duran Duran guitarist Andy Taylor producing. With Harry James occupying the drum stool, bass player Mark “Snake” Luckhurst and guitarist/keyboardist Ben Matthews swiftly joined the trio, and by this time a record deal had been inked with EMI. Debuting in front of a mere 35 punters at a gig in Southend in July 1989, they did a handful of shows before the band entered the studio with Taylor and engineer Mike Fraser (Bryan Adams, Aerosmith etc) to cut their first magnificent offering in the shapely form of debut album 'Backstreet Symphony'. More touring followed, including two dates at the NEC in Birmingham opening for Aerosmith, and the band's fondness for the road would only increase their popularity. “In our previous band Terraplane,” notes Luke, “we never got any support from radio and TV and with Thunder we just assumed the worst. So”/Fraser produced second album, 'Laughing On Judgement Day' was released in August 1992 (held off the Number One spot in the UK's album chart only by a Kylie Minogue greatest hits package).
However, the tour to support 'Laughing On Judgement Day' (which included headlining dates in the UK and a European tour supporting Extreme) proved a step too far for bassist Snake. He quit after Japanese dates.….
“I don't think we were particularly affected by Grunge in terms of musical influence,” reckons Luke. .
The band's first official live album, 'Live', hit the stores in February 1998 and the quintet toured the UK once again, and doing another couple of bits for charity by abseiling off of the side of the Tyne Bridge in Newcastle for the British Lung Foundation (not Luke - he hates heights), and doing a freefall parachute jump (Danny & Ben). Thunder are, of course, no strangers to charity, having organised several highly publicised gigs in aid of CRISIS in the past. Surprisingly, eight months after the release of the next studio album, 'Giving The Game Away', in 1998, Thunder announced a split due to “outside business forces”, going out in typical style with a series of farewell shows, climaxing with two gigs at Dingwalls in Camden on May 4 and 5 2000.
Danny “We’d been at it solidly for eleven years, we were still doing great touring business and we were solid as a unit, but we felt frustrated. There didn't seem to be any room for us to operate outside of our own fanbase..
“I'd had the idea of the 'Monsters Of Rock' tour and took the concept to Clear Channel. I convinced them it was a workable thing to do, thinking that my role would be behind the scenes, and just walking around telling people what to do!
“But they felt Thunder should reform and be on the bill. ‘It would be great for ticket sales’, they said. settled on an EP to start with. When the news got out, we were offered record deals, but with the advances in technology and the internet,...”
“The thing is, we never fell out, we’d all remained good friends,” continues Luke.  'Back For The Crack' EP sold incredibly well, as did the 'Shooting At The Sun' album. Amazingly the fans were still there and they’ve continued to grow throughout the campaign for 'The Magnificent Seventh', and all the touring we’ve done with it”
Indeed. Onward and upward and there's clearly no chance of Thunder joining the derelict old barflies up on Boot Hill just yet!
Luke “There was a period just after the whole Brit-Pop thing in the late 90s when we were truly out of sorts. But rock is back, and we're having a great time, and what’s even better, now we’re doing it all on our own terms.”
Danny “There’s no doubt it’s very hard work doing this all ourselves, but the rewards are there with each record selling more than the last, so we can see the curve going upwards, and it's great not to have to deal with all the record label bullshit, now it’s my bullshit, and everyone else has to deal with it!”
, in the beautiful venue of Talent Garden Calabiana, Milan.
The whole JoinPad team has been involved in the event, taking full advantage of keynotes, panels and workshops from the most influent professionals of AR | VR | AI | Robotics scene, both italian and international. This posed as a great chance to look around and put the hands on the newest technologies and approaches, as the venue was full of companies and startups showcasing their products, both Software and Hardware.
The affluence to the event was incredible, a lot of people flooded the hall costantly throughout all the duration of the event, there were mostly professional looking for solutions to innovate their business, as it was the event’s topic, but we also met tech-enthusiasts and developers among the crowd.
The event was a success from all the points of view, and everyone who tried our products and demos was really impressed about how Augmented Reality technology can really simplify work operations like maintenance, training and remote support.
Mauro Rubin describing the Future Smart Factory
Among the vast number of speakers, Mauro Rubin, JoinPad CEO, went onstage to describe the Smart Factory of the Future, from the perspective of a company actively working to bring enterprises in the future through Augmented Reality.
He described 2017 as the year of AR, pointing out that the innovation is coming by the application of this technology in the enterprise sector, where it can provide the most tangible added values.
During the presentation Mauro explored the topic through a series of industrial use cases where Augmented Reality has been applied.
Each use case explained a different approach to the implementation of AR into enterprise operations to help different industrial sectors leverage the potential of their workforce, enhancing the perception of employees in the work-field.
This exploration covered a wide range of opportunities given by AR to enable the interaction between the user and his working environment, from the interaction with IoT connected machines to Artificial Intelligence and complex systems. This served as a starting point to understand how an AR platform can transform a normal factory into a Future Smart Factory.
The italian and international AR/VR scene at Futureland
At the show were present several companies, each one with a different focus but all aimed to create new business opportunities, from training VR applications to collaborative and smart Robotics. Looking from the inside we believe that the AR/VR/AI/Robotics ecosystem in Italy is still affirming, but we’re pleased to see that a lot of new players decided to become involved in this new fields.
During the exhibition, JoinPad CTO, Giuseppe Audino, was called to join the jury of a Call for Ideas promoted by PwC Italy, the competition wasn’t focused only on Augmented Reality, but in all the four themes of the event. Lot of interesting projects from italian startups and independent developers were submitted to evaluation, but just five gained the opportunity to end up in front of the jury, that judged Metaliquid solution as the best project running for the contest.
This was a good signal of how fast this ecosystem is evolving in our country, gaining everyday more popularity and widespread, with ever increasing attention from big companies that more now than ever recognize the value of new technologies and seek for new projects to foster under their wings.
As an expert in Augmented Reality and Interaction Design, Agnese Ragucci, JoinPad designer&developer, described the trail of Augmented Reality Games in a timeline retracing their evolution through technologies, devices and examples.
Starting from the early 00’s she narrated the history of this kind of games, focusing on the most important titles and the technology involved in their usage. She also described how certain strategies and techniques were employed to encourage the mass-adoption of AR technology, and then determined the success of some of the most played AR Games.
The second part of the speech was dedicated to forecasts and insights about the future of both AR and Gaming, describing how they are evolving in parallel to deliver ever more immersive experiences to the player, using technologies as Context Computing, Artificial Intelligence and new devices available on the market.
The speaking session received a lot of attention, especially because is a fact that gaming is one of the driver of AR massification.
Partners, Meetups & Side Events
Our business partner, Ginwa, joined the event as speaker. Ivan Cui, president of iGinwa, the technological division of the corporate, discussed about the AR/VR scene in the eastern market, exploring topics such as hardware production, startups and investments. He also pointed out that the ecosystem in China is in its early stage, encouraging western startups to jump in and blend with the local ecosystem of investors and accelerators.
Peggy Yuan, Senior Investment and Program Manager of HTC Vive X Accelerator in Beijing, met the local VR and AR developers in a closed-door meetup, seeking for interesting startups to begin a conversation with, but also giving advices about the HTC acceleration program. She went in contact with several enterpreneurs and enthusiast, giving hints and insights about HTC latest products and platforms, and showcasing different startups under the Vive X Accelerator.
As supporting partners we were in charge of different internal meetups and side events. Through the VR/AR Association (VRARA), Google Engineer Piotr Praczyk, from the ARCore development team, were invited for an in-depth analysis of Google newest AR technology, generating a lot of interest in the more technical audience of the event, with a lot of developers participating to test demos and ask questions to the professional.
We also held a meetup with the VRARA to create a conversation among different Chapter Presidents, with Mauro Rubin representing the Milan’s Chapter of the Association, helping both newborn companies and well-established ones to understand the possibilities of the VRARA to leverage their businesses.
At the Meetup there were present, beside Mauro, three other representatives of the association: Kris Kolo – VRARA Global Executive Director and NYC Chapter President, Miki Levy – Tel Aviv Chapter President and Thomas Fickert – Munich Chapter President.
If you need more information about getting involved with VRARA, contact us.
The 2018 event
We’re looking forward to join the next year’s edition, as already said this year’s event has been a success in all of its parts, both from the commercial side of the exhibition to the more eye-opening side of keynotes, panels and workshops.
Eagerly waiting for the next year’s event, we want to thank anyone who joined us in this beautiful experience, with a particular thank to Talent Garden Italy, for the flawless organization and Marcello Merlo as the curator of the event.
See you next year,
JoinPad Team
Aug. 1-14, 2018
ARIES: For you this week, finances are in the spotlight. Oh, not that fun spotlight like you see at the circus or at a play. This is a terrible light that rivals the intensity of a million suns. You’re tempted to drag stuff into that light that has been hidden for a lifetime. Take your shit to a flea market and sell it and hope like hell someone will actually buy it.
TAURUS: Stop living in the past! It makes you a brooding mess and you stop caring about anything like basic hygiene or giving a shit about anyone but yourself. Think of this as an opportunity for completing something so you can move on. That is, unless the voices in your head say differently.
GEMINI: The universe laughs at your puny, pathetic plans. It scoffs at your hypocritical nature. You think you’re all that AND a bag of chips, but really, you’re just a smashed quarter pounder in the gutter. Leave yourself lots of time to get anything done, as it’s not likely to go well, no matter what it is. For now.
CANCER: Remember the last time you felt at peace? It’s probably a good thing that you don’t remember, because this week the shit’s going to hit the fan, both literally and figuratively. But you’re in your element and love hard work and determined effort. Let that passion fly!
LEO: Your spirit animal this week is the Cowardly Lion. With all the crap headed directly for you, you’re going to whimper and cry and try to run away. Lucky for you that the Sun is traversing your sign, giving you a positive outlook and the ability to get through it. Try not to screw it up like you usually do.
VIRGO: Your inner landscape closely resembles that of a planet pummeled by meteors. Find a quiet corner (or a padded room) and do some soul searching (considering you even have a soul). Do nothing but mope. You’ve earned it.
LIBRA: Pay very close attention to where you’re stepping this week, both literally and figuratively. There is danger afoot. You’re going to be careless and irresponsible. Not because that’s who you are, but because there are nine planets in retrograde right now and they’re kicking your sorry ass. Be patient, grasshopper.
SCORPIO: There is a black hole in your life that’s sucking your time, energy and will to live. It is probably related to a person or persons who’ve been causing you all kinds of grief. Forget about those sorry jerks and move on. You haven’t the time or the desire to deal with idiots.
SAGITTARIUS: You’re about to do something so out of character, everyone will avoid you because you’ve been replaced by a pod person. Where you love the spotlight, this week it will not love you back, but will show every flaw and scar you’ve ever acquired. You’ll run from that light like it’s a bill collector. Tough it out.
CAPRICORN: Good gawd, who died and made YOU King Midas. Money is a focus this week and will occur in every part of your world. Your social life is also kicking into gear. What gives? Just don’t let it all go to your head and spend your earnings foolishly. It’s a good time to be penny-wise, not compete in a popularity contest.
AQUARIUS: It’s rare for you to feel this confident and full of piss and vinegar, yet here you are! Power is your middle name when it comes to career matters, especially if you’re called on to give a presentation. Just remember: the person who pays the piper, gets to call the tune. Use that power like the high-falutin’ bitch you are!
PISCES: You’ve been hard at work earning spiritual strength lately, and now wonder if you’ve achieved that goal. Magic 8 Ball says: All signs point to yes. You’re moving into a wonderful time and will reap the rewards for all your effort. See? Good behavior DOES pay off! Just don’t get used to it. It can all change in an instant and probably will.
Computer Virus
Antivirus software is a critical component in any IT-infrastructure. The computer virus, originating from the 1990s, is considered the first generation of cyber attacks. Although still persistent, many other forms have arisen since then, complexing the IT environment. Today, numerous ways exist to infect workstations as well as servers. This has commonly been done through spam.
How do computer viruses work?
A virus is a malicious code or software, malware, which replicates itself from computer to computer. The file or program originates from a host, but once it has gained access to your computer can replicate itself by inserting its own code.
Who is vulnerable to computer virus attacks?
Computer viruses persist, there is a notion that Windows are more attacked than other computer systems.
Nowadays, they are more sophisticated but most often come through spam, which can be found everywhere online, for example in ads and popups. These viruses are very often efficiently spread through junk email. Everyone on the web is exposed.
Why would someone computer virus attack?
Computer viruses have very different functions, their intent may therefore differ. Viruses are however generally created to harm a computer system to some extent by destroying or corrupting data. Ransomware for example, is most often for economic purposes. Browser hijacking drives users to land on a changed malicious homepage.
What can be done to prevent computer virus attacks?
Educating employees is an essential proactive initiative. Informative seminars on the pitfalls, risks and costs associated with viruses, as well as a office policy regarding internet behaviour. But general notes to minimise exposure include: not to open attachments and files sent to you without scaring them first, not clicking pop-up ads and using a virus protection software.
Syspeace
Running an IT environment without computer virus protection is not recommended. Fortunately, there are numerous computer antivirus software available on the market, you can download antivirus software instantaneously online today. So, no need to worry.
Antivirus software however only protects you against specific viruses. Syspeace is an effective and inexpensive complement to your other IT solutions as we can protect you against brute force attacks, an increasingly detrimental force online.
Robson Suites
Robson Suites
Hotel Guest Rating: 9.1/10
777 Bidwell Street
Vancouver, BC V6G 3B9
Robson Suites
Free underground parking is offered in this Vancouver all-suite hotel. Located in the West End just 12 minutes' walk from English Bay Beach, this hotel offers rooms fully furnished with kitchens.Free Wi-Fi, an iPod docking station, a lounge and a flat-screen cable TV are featured in all rooms at Robson Suites. A balcony and a patio are included. Laundry facilities are provided.A business centre, tour desk and currency exchange service are available on site at Suites Robson Vancouver. A shuttle service is offered. This pet-friendly hotel also offers a floor designated for guests bringing their pets.Stanley Park Pitch and Putt is 13 minutes' walk from this hotel. Vancouver Convention Centre is 1.5 km away. ...read more
Robson Suites Amenities
- Air conditioning
- Concierge service
- Currency exchange
- Family rooms
- Free parking
- Free WiFi
- Heating
- Internet services
- Lift
- Luggage storage
- Newspapers
- Non-smoking rooms
- Non-smoking throughout
- On-site parking
- Pets allowed
- Private parking
- Safety deposit box
- Shuttle service (free)
- Terrace
- Tour desk
- WiFi
- WiFi available in all areas
Hotel Information
You must show a valid photo ID and credit card upon check-in. Please note that all special requests cannot be guaranteed and are subject to availability upon check-in. Additional charges may apply.Please note, dogs are accepted with a small fee. All pet inquiries can be made to the hotel directly.
Hotel Guest Reviews of the Robs
Nice full kitchen, clean, quiet, wonderful friendly staff. Close to a lot of shopping and eating. Very nice place to stay.
January 21, 2014
Family Traveling with Young Children
July 26, 2013
Family Traveling with Young Children
Vancouver is a overpriced town, so I did not expect to get much value out of the hotels. The hotel is in a great location to walk around town. The parking is free and secure. People are nice. For short visit, we only needed a clean place to sleep and it worked out great. But it is not a fancy place and don't expect too much from it.
March 19, 2013
Solo Traveler
Tis is a great hotel located in the hub of downtown Vancouver. Within walking distance to parks, shopping and great coffee. The hotel staff is accommodating and available in a myriad of ways!
May 14, 2012
Business Traveler
November 10, 2010
Couple
price.
Great location, nice room, low price and
helpful staff.
July 28, 2010
Family Traveling with Teens
June 30, 2010
Couple
We were welcomed warmly and helped inside with our luggage. The suite was ready and we were provided with laundry soap which was greatly appreciated after the cruise. There is free WIFI and a laptop which can be borrowed. Everything was immaculate and having a kitchen made breakfast easy.
April 7, 2010
Solo Traveler
very safe. Walk to Stanley Park. Suite for low price.
Great hotel with secure free parking right in the downtown core. Next to Whole Foods, Safeway, and Canadian Liquor Store! Many small restaurants on same block. Also, walking distance to major shopping core, but hotel also offers shuttle. The room had a wonderful glass patio for people watching.
April 3, 2010
Solo Traveler
Close to downtown, self contained and very helpful staff plus free internet
(1 - 10 of 10 reviews)
- Chez Sylvie
from $178 (0.1mi)
- The Westin Bayshore Vancouver
from $275 (0.1mi)
- Times Square Suites
from $146 (0.1mi)
- Lord Stanley Suites On The Park
from $187 (0.2mi)
- Mondeliving Robsonliving
(0.2mi)
- Kitanoya Guu (0mi)
- Kingyo (0.1mi)
- Le Bistro de Paris (0.1mi)
- Le Gavroche (0.1mi)
- Nook (0.1mi)
- Stanley Park (0.6mi)
- Vancouver Aquarium Marine Science Centre (0.8mi)
- Vancouver Art Gallery (0.8mi)
- Vancouver Maritime Museum (1.2)
Artful expression, from the heart
Disabled artists come together for Walters exhibit
Artists ply their trades for a number of reasons, whether it's painting as a way to make money or sculpting as a means of expressing deep and complex thoughts.
At Portland-based art school Art from the Heart, the process of creating art has become a way for developmentally disabled adults to build social skills while simultaneously learning ways to express themselves through a number of media.
Established in 1990, Art from the Heart offers classes in a wide array of media - from painting and drawing to encaustics, ceramics, bookmaking, music, theater and beyond.
The overarching goal of the organization is to provide developmentally disabled adults with a way to connect with one another as a community while also exploring their own creative spirits.
The results, says program director Emily Conradson, are often a delightful surprise.
'I really am surprised with the quality, especially when they try new media,' says Conradson. 'It's so interesting and versatile. I'm surprised when people want to focus on drawing and painting, and then you give them a new media to work with and they love it.'
Throughout September, two dozen pieces of artwork from Art from the Heart are on display at Hillsboro's Walters Cultural Arts Center. The exhibit marks the group's first show in the city.
Through the program, students of Art from the Heart are exposed to multiple media and offered the chance to try their hands at many different styles.
Unlike many art classes, however, Art from the Heart's focus on working together as a community helps its participants branch out into many different levels of expression, creating an environment where art becomes less a solitary endeavor and more a social event.
'A lot of artists do work in isolation, including me. But this is really a way to connect with other people and find the common point where they can work together,' Conradson said.
'The artists are creating in a social environment. People are proud of their artwork, and they want to share their work with other people. People definitely influence each other in terms of subject matter, and in trying things.'
Conradson says the program also offers a unique challenge for the staff, which is tasked with fostering the sense of community while also urging its attendees to express complex ideas and emotions through art.
With so many different personality types and levels of disability, she says it can sometimes be difficult to maintain focus. But once that focus is honed, she says, beautiful things result.
'We deal more with socialization, the day-to-day building of social skills,' says Conradson. 'We have 29-31 artists scheduled to attend every day, so that's a lot of personalities. Hopefully on top of (socializing) we can actually get together well enough where we can make some artwork.
'If we're going to be creating work in the same environment, then everybody needs to be OK with everybody before you can focus on what you're doing. The classes and the structure help with that goal.'
At the end of the day, Conradson and her team are almost always able to help the students of the organization find themselves as artists. The proof of the program's success is literally on the walls of the school's in-house gallery, and in the halls of the Walters Center.
'It's all over the place,' says Conradson. 'Not everyone has the same interests and abilities. We try to keep it very broad so that people can try new things, and to keep it interesting for the staff so we get to play too and continue to help people grow as individual artists. Their work is just amazing.'
- The Art from the Heart exhibit is on display through Sept. 28 at the Walters Cultural Arts Center, located at 527 E Main St. in Hillsboro. To learn more, call 615-3494, or visit ci.hillsboro.or.us/wcac or artfromtheheartpdx.com.
Here is something I created with my Cricut Explore. This machine comes in handy for so many things. I was transporting 24 cupcakes to a family gathering. I came up with the idea of cutting some inserts to put in the box so my cupcakes didn't move around. As far as I know the largest cupcake box inserts only hold 4 cupcakes, and with the measurement of the box I figured I could make one for six out of a 12x12 sheet of paper.
I opened a cupcake box image, measured my box and got to work. Here is what I ended up with.
Since I had the inserts I thought why not design a box for them. I make cupcakes for my friends when we meet for lunch. There are only 4-6 of us, so I wanted a way to carry 6 cupcakes at a time.
After several tries, I think I created a file that works well and will hold up. I don't have any 24" card stock so I had to make a design in pieces. Here is my finished box, it measures 6.5Wx9.75Lx2.75D.
I had to create panels, to add to each end. You can see in the pictures below how they are constructed.
Here is what my file looks like. I made different types of end panels. The end panels A are used with your corner trims, and End Panel B, will fold around your corners. All of the images were created from Free images available in Design Space.
To construct, cut out the bottom and fold all four sides, the short flap on the ends will be on the outside, and the two flaps on each side will be on the inside. You will then cover this end with the end panel of your choice, either A or B, my box shows using A.
Then cut out your end panels and corners of your choice. I purposely made these about 1/4" taller than the box sides. This is to allow for the icing that is piped on your cupcakes. If you don't have the icing this tall, you can trim down to match the sides.
Attach the corners of your choice. Cut out the top and assemble, the notched flaps go to the inside.
If you choose to add an overlay, use one I have in the file or make one yourself. The oval cut out is about 3.75" (W) x 6.5" (H). There is a free oval available you can resize and slice as desired.
I am offering this file to all of my CTMH customers, place any size order with me this month and I will share this file with you. This offer ends October 31, 2015. All of the images were free, so no subscription or particular cartridge is required. This file was created in Cricut Design Space and will only work with a Cricut Explore. If you have any other machine, I would be happy to share my dimensions with you so that you can create your own file, also with any size purchase through October 31, 2015. Be sure to include your email during the order process, I will be able to send you your file. If you don't here from me, use the contact form here and send me another message.
So be sure to shop with me, to get your free file.
During the month of October we have a great Stamp of the Month just in time for those Christmas projects. The cutouts coordinate with the Artiste Collection.
Now is the time to start thinking about your Christmas projects. All of our Christmas paper is available in the Holiday Expressions Idea Book. This catalog is valid until December 31, 2015.
Our holiday paper this year is White Pines (see image below). The coordinating colorizer Chocolate, Cranberry and a brand new color Fern, colonial white and champagne. The coordinating embellishments are our Red enamel dots, Green Shimmer Trim, and Fern Thick twine, just to name a few.
There is also a Workshop on the Go Scrapbooking Kit Item #G1098, the kit includes the White Pines Paper Pack, Red Enamel Gems, and the coordinating Assortments and an exclusive stamp set only available with this kit, all for $29.95. If you are not interested in scrapbooking there is also a Cardmaking kit #G1099 available. I includes am exclusive stamp, embellishments, envelopes, and cards to make 15 cards.
If you are interested in becoming Close to My Heart Independent consultant, this is the month to do it. You receive the new consultant kit and as an added bonus, an over the shoulder bag, large enough for layouts.
So hurry and get yours, these offers are valid 1-31 October, 2015.
I would love for you to shop with me at KimSalito.ctmh.com.
Till next time,
Happy Craftin!
Tennyson (Tink) Jenkins
Wildomar, California, USA
Tink, a Christian writer, whether writing prose or poetry, retired from Fullerton College, 1983. Tink believes one is either a teacher and/or a student for life.Tink, a farmboy, survived the flu and 'depression;' also Pearl Harbor with two older brothers; and exited the Service while teaching at RMS, NRL,Washington, D.C. 1946.Tink loves the Ozarks; also the works of Wright and Wood. Stations in life: Teacher, principal, superintendent-grades 1-12; Business Chairperson--high school and college; writer; poet.Member international Poetry Hall of Fame. Pending: Katinkaland--The Story That Could Not Wait. Its Power Energizer follows as "The Perfect Moment, right now, Testament."
A present universal miracle in this Triunity of ours called Time
Is the Alpha and the Omega inherent in God's Triune, Creative Mind
Omnipotent always..Omniscient always..And omnipresent, ever
God simply Wills with incomprehensible power; merges Reality with Heaven
As the True cause of all that matters in our Forever.
God created an Exactness of Himself; challenged humankind to understand
How a Man of God, though of virgin birth, could also be the Son of man
But so God was and, as Jesus Christ, His miracles were So Right
That He could say; some say He did, 'I Am the Way! I Am the Truth! I am the Life!
No one can come unto the Father but through me, the Son.'
If Faith, the Substance of Things Hoped For, the Evidence of Things Not Seen; and
Hope, springing forth Eternally, seeking fulfillment in Faith's Same Things,
Cross paths, wonder of wonders, with each enveloped in Love--God's Breath,
God will, as Love's true measure, Trigger, the Spirit Manifest
God's Eternal Stream of Consciousness baptizes them.
One message in the Bible clearly identifies Triunity as the Unifying force that
positions humankind to Eternity
It lets the Physical Universe unveiled through humankind's use of mind
Portray the Energy of God as the reality of--All space; All matter; All time;
With Energy's potential motion--Space; it's actual motion--Matter; and
it's successiveness as Time, always, interacting
In the direct image of Triunity: The Cause, the Three-In-One.
This cause of Triunity--God: Omnipotent, Omniscient, Omnipresent
Wills Space or the outspreading or Primal Power, into dimensions of Forever
This potential motion of energy--Space; generates actual motion of energy--Matter
which, when combined, produces Time; the successiveness resulting as the latter;
Traverses Space, to return to the Eternal Mind of the Creator.
The physical Universe mingles from-and-to God's mind, just, like the Three-In-One
With Space, the source, like the Father; Motion, its embodiment, like the Son
With Time, from Space through Motion, as Spirit is from Father through the Son
The Spirit returns the Godhead to God, and Time returns Reality to the Mind of the
Creative One; Likewise, Triunity fashions Universals from the Cosmos' Three-In-One.
This poem, Could it be the greatest ever written? says perfectly: Perfection is a fact.
It is of God! It is His very Own! He can Only loan some back
To those crying: 'God is Perfection!' It was foretold, absolutely, by His Son
Who took mankind's sins to the grave with Him through God's Love; thus the
Three-In-One: Defined Heaven, via Reality, through God's Own Self-His Son.
The Slate
"This is the way I want to be remembered
at my gravesite whether as a body in a coffin
or as ashes in an urn:
I am a teacher...(Meaning: I will teach you)
I am a student...(Meaning: I, also, am teachable)
I am a Christian...(Meaning: I fear no evil; I belong to God)
I am a family man...(Meaning: 'Except we become as little children...')
I am not here...(Meaning: I am present in
God's Eternal Stream of Consciousness)
I am, however,...wherever your thoughts are.
"When you remember something good or
useful that I did for you or for anyone else,
anywhere in the universe, acknowledge it,
then pass it on. Then you and I will both
know that we are truly friends.Why?
Because I love you. We are in touch"
Life can be as beautiful in our Spiritual
Heaven as God's rainbow and promise is
in our reality world.
Tink welcomes
.
All poems Copyright © 1997 Tennyson (Tink) Jenkins. All rights reserved.
War may never change, but strategy most certainly does. For members of the world’s elite Special Operations, you’ve only got one shot to get in, kill, and get back out again. While real-world soldiers only have that one shot, we video gaming fare are given a few more chances to get things right in Breach and Clear, a port of the popular iOS close-quarters combat simulator for the PlayStation Vita. Breach and Clear gives gamers a taste of slow-moving, steady close-quarter combat situations through strategic gameplay and excellent execution of level design and enemy placement.
Breach and Clear sets you in charge of a four-man elite special ops team tasked with various close-quarter missions of sweeping and killing, bomb defusal, and self-extraction. You choose a unit type, such as the Army Special Forces, the Navy Seals, or the Spetznaz, and each one gives you a special bump in an ability such as accuracy, speed, or health. The game then has you create avatars and names for your four special ops soldiers, and the soldiers are outfitted with a vest, gun, and some clothing. Earning money will allow you to purchase add-ons and new equipment for your soldier and his weapon.
Squads are teams of four, made up of six different job types. Each of these breakdown a lot like typical RPG classes. There is a “Fireteam Leader” who absorbs aggro and damage like a tank, and a “Weapons Sergeant” who is very powerful with a gun but less damage insulated, much like a fighter, paladin, or warrior class. You have the choice of a healer in the form of the “Medic” and a rouge in the form of “Intelligence”, as well as a few more military-focused classes with the explosives-minded “breacher” and the rapid shooting “Direct Action” jobs. Each class has a starting perk, and gains a new special ability every 5 levels.
The gameplay of Breach and Clear is a stripped down, bare-bones mirror of a strategic RPG. Gone is the elements of story, dialogue, a world map, and other more traditional RPG qualities. Breach and Clear, in good standing with a militaristic standard, is completely absent of anything that isn’t constructive for battle or a battle itself. You are given menus where you can buy and sell items, modify your character’s look and weaponry, and choose between squads. Outside of that, there is no other function of the game but battle.
Battle, though, is the whole reason we are here, and Breach and Clear does an excellent job of executing this vital function. You are given anywhere from 1-4 choices for a starting point. You are able to see the physical qualities of the structure you are entering, such as doors, desks, tables, and other items within. You cannot see enemy placement unless they are directly visible from your vantage point, or by the merits of special intelligence provided by one of your team members.
The object of the game, depending on game mode, is almost always kill until there isn’t much killing left to do. In bomb defusal, you’re tasked with finding and deactivating a bomb as terrorists close on your location, and in the Escape Plan game mode, you are located within the building and must get out. The main game mode, and the one that is best designed and implemented is standard sweep-and-kill missions where you locate and eliminate every enemy on the map.
The game has a pretty nice design throughout. The levels are excellently designed in terms of flow and playability, and also have a good look and feel in terms of graphics. The menus all look fine, the character design is acceptable and allows for customization, and the weapons themselves are customizable with special functions and color choices.
The only real drag of the game is in the menus themselves. Navigating them can be a real chore, as the menus tend to lag, and are stacked within themselves poorly. The problem is light, but it takes more getting used to than the rest of the game, a true flaw hidden in an otherwise solid game. While Breach and Clear doesn’t really boast some special, amazing feature or function that makes the game great, it doesn’t really suffer from any issues either. It plays very smooth and steady, with little problems or mishaps.
News Library
In El Salvador, Facebook subscribers “like” project workforce development efforts
Carlos Marroquin, Communications Manager for the USAID Program to Improve Access to Employment, says "We are successfully using Facebook as a meeting place for our target audience and a space where we share information on the subject that concerns us all: employment.”Talk about your social impact: In El Salvador, USAID’s Program to Improve Access to Employment (managed by CARANA) is setting new standards for magnifying its workforce development efforts through social media. When 2012 started, the program’s Facebook page had 113 subscriptions (“likes” in Facebook lingo). As of the end of June, “likes” have surged to 13,000, thanks to the program’s online interaction with beneficiaries.
The first step to Program Communications Manager Carlos Marroquin’s proactive social media strategy was making content more atractive and useful. The previously text-heavy layout is livened up with video testimonials and photo collages of participants, as well as interviewing and résumé-preparing tips for job seekers. To get the word out about this resource, the project made a small financial commitment of $10 a day to run ads within Facebook and attract attention to the page.
The project’s Facebook page now houses free announcements of upcoming job and professional development opportunities to draw in potential project participants. Three to four times a month, the project hosts open audition-style gatherings where people can enter free pre-training programs to build their “soft,” personal communications skills, after which they are invited to interview with a designated employer. On average, 25 people attend each gathering—six of whom learned about it on Facebook. Marroquin calls the platform his “main information and summoning tool.”
The page is also helping the project cement relationships with organizations like the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of El Salvador and the Development Bank of El Salvador, which forward its postings to their own subscribers. Individuals do the same; for example, 18 people shared the announcement of Walmart’s career fair with their own networks, widening outreach exponentially.
Hear Alexander’s story (in Spanish) of how the USAID program’s use of social media helped him find employment at Pollo Campero, a popular fast-food chain.
Project Director Beto Brunn says the page allows them to more directly inform youth—especially those at-risk—about employment opportunities: “We need to give them hope, and the new media allows those we are benefitting to share their stories. The general message is that there are good options that can help high school graduates with few prospects for university find work and a meaning for their lives.”
Brunn added that the page is also helping break down employer myths. “In San Miguel, for instance, the business consensus is that youths don’t want to work because they are receiving remittances,” he says. The program organized a recruiting event to find cell phone salespeople, advertised through a Facebook post seen by 3,800 people across the nation. “We hoped perhaps 40 youths would come; 76 actually arrived—to the amazement of everyone. We had to move into the backyard.”
The USAID Program to Improve Access to Employment strengthens El Salvador’s workforce by developing the skills the labor market demands, particularly for youth and marginalized populations. Before engaging the public in an open conversation about the project, USAID’s program tested the waters of social media with Joven360, an online platform it developed to help undergraduate youth obtain their first professional experience through posted internships and job applications.
USAID’s Program to Improve Access to Employment is now experimenting with Twitter (@AccesoEmpleo) where it already has almost 250 followers.
Published July 2012
I tooled around the site and then went back to the flash home page. When I had enough of the flash, I hit the "home" button on my Internet Explorer 5.5 program. When I hit the button, a pop-up appeared wanting to know if wanted to make ruffendz.com my home page. I knew what this would do, so I hit "yes" and lo-and-behold, ruffendz.com became my home page.
HOW WAS THIS SCRIPT ACCOMPLISHED?? It was awesome! Unfortunately, for the life of me, I can't duplicate what I did! I can't figure out how the site created the popup and automatically made the site my home page. It definitely is powerful!
Can anyone duplicate what I did in the first place - and then tell me how they did it?? TO sum things up, when I left the site, a popup window appeared asking me if I wanted to make the site my home page. I clicked "yes" and that site became my home page.
Can anyone help me out here?
So, in taking that code, how does the website call this function? I didn't click on a link or anything! I just left the site! There has to be a way that the server called this function to generate the popup box. Anyone?
<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>JavaScript Page Load and Unload Example</TITLE><SCRIPT LANGUAGE="JavaScript"><!-- Hide from other browsersfunction hello() {alert("Welcome to my page");}function goodbye() {alert("Thank You, Surf by again.");}// Stop hiding from browsers --></SCRIPT></HEAD><BODY onload="hello()" onUnload="goodbye()"><h1>Loading and unloading Test Page</H1></BODY></HTML>
<SCRIPT LANGUAGE="JavaScript"><!-- Hide from other browsers
function hello() {alert("Welcome to my page");}
function goodbye() {alert("Thank You, Surf by again.");}
// Stop hiding from browsers --></SCRIPT>
</HEAD><BODY onload="hello()" onUnload="goodbye()"><h1>Loading and unloading Test Page</H1></BODY></HTML>
Try replacing "onUnload" with "onBlur" then it will work if you switch between multiple browser windows (I think).
20.8.2010
Today we arrived at the hospital at 9. We made a lovely plan for the day with Dorota and then had to change it all when I remembered that the Sainsburys shopping is coming at 7pm. Oh dear! And so anyway, our day went like this …
About 9.30am the doctor came round. Basically everything is staying the same!
William has gained 20g and now weighs 1635g or 3lb 9oz. His milk intake will remain 24mls every 2 hours. He has vitamin supplements, iron, caffeine, sodium and phosphate. He is staying on 6 hours off CPAP, all being well!
Esther has gained 50g today and weighs 1310g. 2lb 14oz. So close to 3lbs! She will continue on 9mls of milk hourly and have 4 hours off CPAP. She is on the same minerals and supplements as William.
After the doctors’ round I changed William’s nappy and took off his sleepsuit that had poo on it! I left him naked so that we could have some ‘kangaroo care’ before I do his ‘all cares’ at 12.00pm.
When William was settled I did Esther’s cares. Louise showed me how to change her on her side so that she does not get so distressed and short of oxygen.
At 11am I had William out for a cuddle for 50 minutes before he came off his CPAP. We snuggled kangaroo style and sang nursery rhymes. It was lovely! At 12.00 I did all his cares while he was off CPAP. He was very awake, alert and adorable! It was great! I talked to him as I changed his nappy, washed him, dried him and put him in a clean sleepsuit. Then he had his milk with vitamins and promptly threw up on his clean, white sleepsuit! Ooopsy!
I did some milk just before 1pm and then walked to Tesco to buy some lunch. I came back a bit after 2 and both babies seemed to be finding their time off quite hard with lots of desaturations. Esther is in 29% ambient oxygen and William 27.
Hopefully David will be here at 5pm to have a cuddle with Esther, then we can do their cares at 6pm and then go home. I feel so tired today! Esther is tired today too. Towards the end of her 4 hours she started to really struggle. She had hiccups and was forgetting to breathe. Poor little Star! I changed her nappy at 3.30pm which calmed her down a bit before she went back on her CPAP at 4pm.
Dorota gave me a book today about preterm baby development. “A Guide to Infant Development in the Newborn Nursery”. These are the things I have noted down.
About half of infants born extremely prematurely (before 28 weeks gestation) will need some form of specialist help when they start school.
About 10% will have significant disability e.g. cerebral palsy
“The infant comes into the world bringing formidable capapbilities to establish human relatedness. Immediately he is a partner in shaping his first and foremost relationships.” Daniel Stern
31-33 weeks – likes to be held close to parents, likes to be held with long periods of skin to skin holding.
Close contact with parents is important.
Adapt cares in response to baby’s behaviour rather than just by the clock.
Daily kangaroo care.
Place close to breast during feeds.
At 5pm David arrived for his cuddle with Esther whilst I read William a story. Tomorrow we will swap who has time with who and hopefully we will be able to have them both out together.
Tim Barry
Birth Place: Richmond, Virginia
Years Active: 1990-present
Genres: Punk Rock, Folk
Years Active: 1990-present
Genres: Punk Rock, Folk
Tim Barry was born in Washington D.C., and is a singer/songwriter. Barry is known as the frontman for the hardcore rock band, Avail, who formed in the early 1990s. Barry grew up in Reston and was exposed to the 1980's punk, and speed metal scene during his teenage years. Being around music, combined with his teenage restless, Barry was inspired to make music and join a band. Barry began to play and sing locally and eventually met future bandmates in 1990. By 2006, Avail had released six studio albums, toured all over the world, and gained a growing fan base along the way. In the early 2000's Barry moved to Richmond, Virginia, and begin to record some solo material in 2005 that came from a bl... Continue Bio >>
Music:
Listen to Tim Barry
and similar artists - Play Now
and similar artists - Play Now
Latest Tracks:
More Tracks >>
Listen to this episode
Highlights of today’s show:
- Continue with “Getting your finances in order in 2012” theme
- Discuss what do you need to do to change the way you are handling your finances
- It starts with you
- Must be willing to change
- Willing to sacrifice
- Opportunity to guest post
Most people I talk to about personal finance know that they are not saving enough and have too much debt. The problem is that they have no idea how to stop what they are doing. This is a common theme when I record interviews for the Debt Free Living podcast. They knew what they were doing was wrong but no one told them that there was a way to live differently.
Today we go over this topic and share the three things you need to have before you can be ready to make the changes necessary to get your finances in order.
If you have a minute, please check out my guest post I did over at financialexcellence.net about what to do after you are debt free. I would love to hear your thoughts on what you are doing now that you are debt free and I also plan on being a regular contributor to that site going forward. In addition, I have been writing a few guest posts on other blogs over the past few months and I put up a page that has links to all of them. If you would like to be a guest poster for this site all you have to do is fill out the form and we can set something
With no further ado, it's baaackkk.
Here's what is floating my boat lately.
I used to be a make-up snob. Then I quit my teaching job to stay at home with the kids. For a while I simply didn't wear make- up because I was in sweats and shirts with crusty baby spit up for about 5 years straight.
Well, maybe I'm exaggerating.
Maybe not.
Recently, I read in a magazine that this mascara is a must have. And I must tell you that it most certainly is a must have. I love it!
So the last book I read was a biography about the deadliest climbing year on Everest. Fascinating? Yes. Morbid? A bit. I'm sooo super duper thrilled to start this book tonight. Plus, I got it on sale...woo hoo!!!!
Ever have a friend walk across the school parking lot with a brown bagged bottle of wine? Me neither. Until today. My hilarious friend, Lisa, thought this was all too appropriate for me.
Hmmm...maybe a subliminal hint???
And now that my youngest is 3, I'm seeing the light, friends. Yes, I'm seeing the light. It looks good. Suddenly, I have a new interest in looking fashionable again. Since ray ban aviators have been on the trend list for a bit, I thought I pick them up on a budget price.
ray bans: $189
I bought mine at my most despised store. Any guesses??? It starts with W and ends in T.
I'm cool with it because I look trendy for $5. Catch me trying to pose a la "Mad Housewife"?
Peace out, peeps. The hubs is gone for a work dinner tonight so it is off to prepping cereal for dinner.
Much love,
Katie
*Mascara and book images sourced from google images.
17 comments:
you look hot!!
Love the happies link up idea and I love the cereal for dinner even more.
oh my goodness. LOVE this post.
love mascara recommendations. i'm always buying whatever somebody tells me to get - i have a feeling that purple tube will be next. ;)
the help.
so good.
after i read it, i could not stop thinking about it for days. i am SO excited the movie will be out this summer. AH!
your wine is AWESOME. walking across the parking lot brown bagging is even MORE awesome.
and your sunnies are adorbs. ;) no judgement for the place of purchase :)
I love ya!
Love the glasses! I've been using Jojoba oil as eye makeup remover lately and love it!
those glasses are awesome but the fact that you served cereal for dinner is even more awesome. good idea for a link up!
<3
Looking good in those cool shades, Lady!
Still having comment issues.... it is [BOYS]terous Brooke
You look great in those stunnas!!
Um, you're pretty hilarious!!! Like the post...got a few chuckles. I'm a Walmart hater too, but it's kind of growing on me...at least the brand new one up the street is.
You are so darn cute. i just can't take it!
curious about that book, looks great!
xoxo
Lookin HAWT in the glasses and yay for cereal for dinner! WOOT!
Love the cute glasses and for $5 who cares if someone sits on them or steps on them (which always happens to mine). That wine label is hilarious!
just bought that mascara, i have yet to use it i hope it works as good for me :) just finished that book -love-
The Help...loved it! The aviators looks fab on you. I can't pull them off with my face shape so I'll stick to my big-bug eye shades instead.
you are going to LOVE LOVE LOOOOOOOOOOOVE that book. i cannot stop thinking about it. and the movie comes out soon!!! i cannot wait.
Love that mascara and love the book. Love the title of the wine though I don't drink.
that is my next read!!!
I'm going to interrupt my normal book blogging schedule, just so I can say F-I-N-A-L-L-Y! Sailor Moon 20th Anniversary Project official site just updated today with the news that the new anime is slated for a worldwide release July 2014! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
.
Where do I even start with everything that I loved about this series?
I loved that Serena (Usagi) wasn't like most heroines you see today..
Tuxedo Mask was my first fictional crush..
The music!.
It partially inspired Marissa Meyer's The Lunar Chronicles. This didn't necessarily make me love Sailor Moon more, but it certainly sealed my love The Lunar Chronicles.
I'm kind of worried that I'll be disappointed by the new reboot. Maybe my love for the series is nothing but nostalgia. Maybe they'll change too much of the plot for me to enjoy it. Maybe they'll delay the release again. I'm crossing my fingers that none of that will happen.
I love Sailor Moons!! I have re-watched that show over and over countless times. I'm so glad they are releasing new ones and I can't wait to see what has happened to all of their lives!! JULY <3
Excellent news!!! Thank you so much for posting this, I can't wait for July :)) This was my favorite show as a child and my heart still beats little faster whenever I think about Tuxedo Mask. Ah, memories...
Six more months! I think they're starting the anime from the beginning and sticking close to what happened in the manga, but I seriously can't wait!
Same! It definitely bring back a lot of memories... I'll probably swoon over Tuxedo Mask all over again.
I did not know there was a release date for this yet! THIS IS SO EXCITING. I can't wait to relive my childhood :')
I remember this project being in production for a LONG time, so it's really exciting to get a release date. Now let's hope they stick to it and not delay it again!
This blog originally appeared on the She Takes on the World website – an awesome resource for passionate and entrepreneurial women!
In part 1 of my 2-part series on successful launch planning, we discussed the six key things to keep in mind when planning your launch year. In this installment, I am going to take you through the different types of launch frameworks, when to use them, and how to create your launch calendar.
So what are your main options when it comes to planning your launch calendar?
Typical launch frameworks:
- Once a year (annual) — One very big pre-launch and launch process with enrollment once-a-year only. The benefits of this framework are high urgency and exclusivity. However, this approach is not so great when you are starting out and your reach is limited. This framework works well for high-end mastermind programs and ePrograms once they have become highly sought-after and well known, such as Natalie’s Conquer Club.
- Twice a year (biannual) — Twice a year is a good strategy once you have gained momentum, have a proven program, and are doing reasonable-sized launches. It is also suitable if your eProgram duration is in on the longer end of the spectrum, such as 10-12 weeks, as it allows adequate time for planning and review and a proper launch process.
- Three times a year — This is a good strategy for a 6-8 week program. Running your program this regularly helps to build momentum over time without being flat out busy all year. You should see significant growth in enrollments over 12 months when running your eProgram this regularly; in fact, it’s what I recommend for the majority of my clients when they are starting out.
- Four times a year (Quarterly) — A quarterly approach is best for shorter ePrograms (around 4-6 weeks) and often suits moms in business who run their ePrograms during each school term or people whose ideal clients are moms. It does mean you are launching or running your program for almost the entire year and does not leave much time for reviewing and implementing improvements (or time off). I find that most clients who take this approach do it for around 12 months and then move to a less regular launch framework or set their program up as evergreen.
- Evergreen — Otherwise known as “enroll anytime,” your program is available throughout the year for purchase. However, this does not mean that you don’t need a launch calendar! Under this model you’ll need to have strategically planned promotions during the year such as a Christmas or New Year’s sale, price increase sale, Black Friday Sale (in the US), or other promotions relevant to your ideal customer and niche to drive sales.
So how should you actually plan your launch year?
- First, work through the questions that I laid out in part 1 of this series to get clear on the best times of year for you and your ideal clients.
- Second, review the launch frameworks above and decide how often you will launch.
- Now purchase a big calendar such this wall planner from Kikki-K.
- On the calendar, block out all your planned holidays using highlighters, whiteboard pens, or even colored sticky notes (use something that you can change easily as you will want to play around with dates).
- Next block out any time that is crazy-busy in your business such as tax time, seasonal peaks, or times of business travel and events.
- If you have kids and school holidays are an issue, block out these dates next.
- Then think about your ideal client and any time that is likely to be a bad time of year to launch or run your eProgram and consider blocking out these dates.
***By this stage, looking at your calendar you should give you a good sense of when your best times of year are to launch and run your eProgram.***
- Now plot out your live eProgram dates based on the launch framework you have chosen.
- Make sure you have allowed time before each program for your pre-launch and launch process (ideally 3-6 weeks).
- Try to allow time between each round to rest, review, plan, and implement improvements.
- Try to not have pre-launch & launch and program dates overlap (for example, promoting an eProgram while you have another running) as it’s best to be 100% focused on either promoting OR running your eProgram.
Don’t be surprised if it takes you a number of goes to decide on your final launch calendar. It will likely take some refining to find something you can live with.
It is also likely that it won’t be perfect. The aim is to plan out the best launch calendar possible to achieve your business goals, your desired lifestyle, your other commitments and your ideal client.
This blog originally appeared on the She Takes on the World website – an awesome resource for passionate and entrepreneurial women!
You might also like:You might also like:
Product category:
Stepper and Servo Drives, Motors, Controls
News Release from: Lenze | Subject: Servomotors
Edited by the Engineeringtalk Editorial Team on 26 August 2002
Driving forward drug discovery
A sophisticated new machine that dramatically speeds the testing process for new drugs makes extensive use of servomotors to automate the process.
TTP Labtech supplies a wide range of products to the healthcare and pharmaceutical sectors With the help of drive specialist Lenze, the company has developed two new machines that allow drug companies to significantly raise efficiency levels.
Brake springs an alternative for servos
The BFK418 series of spring-operated brakes for servomotors offers OEMs a cost-effective, easy-to-install, reliable and safe alternative to traditional permanent magnet electromagnetic brakes.
As controls for the introduction of new drugs become more rigorous, pharmaceutical companies increasingly require more extensive and thorough drug development and testing.
In light of these demands, Cambridgeshire-based TTP Labtech (part of The Technology Partnership Group) has developed a sophisticated new machine that dramatically speeds the testing process.
The TTP machine consists of two parts: 'comPound', a storage and retrieval unit, and 'comPiler', a modular unit that prepares chemicals for test.
Both machines have been developed with the help of Lenze - providing TTP Labtech with motion control expertise.
The comPound machine is a library of chemical compounds held in small phials known as 'tubes'.
Further reading
Servomotors gain UL approval
Lenze's synchronous and asynchronous servomotors now fulfil the stringent fire and personal safety conditions required for export to the USA.
Compact servomotors takes drives onboard
A new range of small servomotors with integrated servo drives has been launched by Lenze.
No maintenance for brushless servomotors
The new MCA range of brushless maintenance-free servomotors comprises 19 models across frame size 56 to 112, with a choice between natural ventilation and forced cooling.
Up to 100,000 tubes can be stored in one machine, with a positive pressure nitrogen environment and at a constant temperature of -20C.
The design requirements were to achieve retrieval of any tube inside a target time of four seconds, although with the help of software that optimises the retrieval sequence, faster times can be achieved.
The Design and Development Engineer on the comPound project, Simon Tullett, comments: "We identified a market requirement for a fast storage and retrieval machine, and set out to achieve a design that will meet customer requirements even in five and 10 years time.,...
The development process required us to innovate in areas such as the drives, which had to be optimised for speed, accuracy, space and low weight.
Lenze worked with us as a partner for over 18 months, bringing in both new products and new ideas".
The heart of the comPound machine is a stack of 26 carousels, each a precision plastic casting holding over 3800 of the tubes.
Two Lenze servo motors are used to rotate the carousels into the required position, each motor driving 13 carousels.
The carousels are free to turn on the central axis, driven on their outside diameter by a double-sided tooth belt.
Requirements for positional accuracy meant the backlash in the drive had to be minimised.
Lenze also supplied bevel gearboxes with a reduced backlash of five arc minutes fitted to each of the servomotors, and connection from the drive shaft to each of the carousels is achieved through Lenze pole face clutches.
In addition, a Lenze spring-applied brake provides a holding torque to keep the carousel in its driven position.
While Lenze supplied all the comPound drive equipment, there was no single source deal; instead products were selected on their own merits.
For example, Lenze addressed the problem of mounting 13 clutches onto a 2m long shaft driven by each servomotor.
Shaft rigidity was important for accuracy as was compact dimensions and weight, to keep down the floor loading.
The solution was a 20mm plain shaft with keyless connection to the clutch using ETP locking bushes.
The result is backlash free and avoids high shaft stresses, allowing the shaft diameter to be kept to a minimum.
Lenze produced a special clutch to suit the friction connection of the ETP bush.
The two servomotors are driven by Lenze 9321 drives with built-in positioning software.
These were chosen because of integrated CAN fieldbus and the accuracy of positioning.
The comPound machine is controlled from a PC and CAN is used to communicate with the drives, with I/O and control cards developed by TTP Labtech.
Having the positioning software in the drive allows decentralised control, offering the benefits of reduced communication traffic, reduced PC processing, and less programming time.
Support provided by Lenze included a three-day training course on the software, supplied as a free option to servo customers.
Finally, the drives were supplied without heat sinks to save panel space, with the cooling requirements being met by the thermal mass of the mounting surface.
During operation, tubes are identified from a database and addressed as if on a computer hard disk.
The clutch on the corresponding carousel is engaged and the brake released, followed by the servo system indexing it round to exactly the position where the tube can be unloaded.
By driving the edge of the carousel, accuracy better than 2arc-min is achieved.
The tube is then picked out and delivered automatically to an x-y table on the comPiler machine.
After a tiny quantity of chemical has been taken from the tube, the process is reversed and the tube is returned to its position in the comPound carousel.
Up to 12 comPound machines can be networked to form a library of 1.2 million chemical compounds.
TTP Labtech is leading the world with this machinery, allowing pharmaceutical companies to automate and vastly increase the speed of drug development.
The machines have recently been exhibited in Vancouver and New Jersey, and six comPounds have already been delivered to the US.
The success of comPound and comPiler can be attributed to the high level of co-operation between the machine maker, TTP Labtech, and the drive supplier, Lenze. Request a free brochure from Lenze ...
• Lenze: contact details and other news
• Register for the free Engineeringtalk email newsletter
• Engineeringtalk Home Page
A few months back, one of the major bookstore chains in the country had a book sale and like any predictable bibliophile, I found myself hoarding. One of the books I picked up was Margarita Engle’s Tropical Secrets. I wasn’t sure what it was about, I picked up because of the author who Myra has gushed about quite a few times and who we had a pleasure of featuring this year on our site. When I finally found a reason to pick it up recently—we were not making any progress in our Novel in Verse challenge—I discovered it was about Holocaust Refugees, I cringed.
I try as much as possible to stay away from literature related to Nazi Germany and the Holocaust because I’m often left with nightmares and a depression I can’t shake off. While I enjoyed for instance reading Zusak’s The Book Thief, it was constantly heart wrenching and I needed to follow it with a number of light reading to get myself out of the gloom pool. I knew that reading Tropical Secrets was going to be tough on me, add the fact this was my first Novel in Verse I wasn’t sure what the experience would be like. If I were to describe my experience in one word it would be crescendo which is defined as a gradual increase in volume. Tropical Secrets began slowly and built its way up in the emotional scale of things.
Finding Power
The two children in this novel, Daniel the German Jew and Paloma the Cuban girl are both helpless in the situation they find themselves in. The reader watches them doing what they can with whatever is given. Daniel, a German boy separated from his parents is in a strange land. He knows no one, he understands no one and we watch him hold on to his winter coat in the Cuban heat. In his powerlessness, he holds to his dreams of meeting his parents in New York in the near future. Similarly, Paloma is powerless in the greater scheme of things, watching her father extort money from the refugees for their safety. Holding this little secret to heart, she compensates in the way she can by helping refugees, caring for them and giving them food to eat.
Throughout the story I watch these two children struggle with an issue greater than me. They grasp at straws at making sense of their lives amidst the Holocaust. But Engle doesn’t allow her characters and reader to simply struggle and sulk at the fact that they are powerless. She introduces to us a kind of power that is brought out of compassion, of helping someone else. And we watch the children hang on to this idea, a seemingly impossible idea of helping two people and we watch them triumph. In many ways, as I’ve said, Tropical Secrets is written to a crescendo and in many ways we watch both children gain some kind of power—the kind that lasts as it is built from within.
Decimar
Decimar—the art of inventing life as it goes along.
This word caught my eye and so did Daniel’s. I feel this is the apt word to describe how refugees try to survive in Cuba. David, the Russian refugee who now sells ice cream invents life as he goes along. We watch Daniel do the same, as he slowly takes out his coat, wear clothes made of cotton and eat Cuban cuisine. We see this as he gravitates towards the unknown music of the Cubans and learn to play their tropical sound. I can only imagine that in order to live a new life in a strange land, one must embrace Decimar and invent life as it goes along, after all the life one knew could no longer be returned.
Beyond Belief
The premise behind universal responsibility is the simple fact that we all want the same thing. Every being wants happiness and does not want suffering. If we do not respect this fact, there will be more and more suffering on this planet. – Dalai Lama, How to See Yourself as You Really Are.
I’m currently reading the above mentioned book and this quote was something that kept coming back when I was writing this review. Because they were Jews, many innocent human beings were uprooted, tortured and killed. We find Daniel, a young Jew uprooted to Cuba without a home or family to hold on to. Yet, at the same time, this persecuted boy finds in his heart an understanding towards the meaning of innocence. He witnesses that it is not just the Jews that can be uprooted, tortured and killed. He realizes that nothing is more dangerous than our spiritual beliefs. He realizes this as he helps a Christian man and a Jewish woman escape the recent investigation on German spies, wherein the hunt for such spies is solely based on being a Christian German.
What Nazi Germany could not do for him, Daniel could do to this one German Christian man married to a Jewish German woman. He finds compassion in his heart and looks beyond each other’s belief.
Hollow bone are the magic
That helps a bird fly.
Hope is the mystery
That keeps me alive.
Kindness is the surprise
That makes me hopeful.
Love is the kindness
That keeps Miriam and Mark
Together.
We will help them.
We will try.
I ask then, how can a boy who has been in a situation like his, find it in his heart to treat another with compassion. I can only surmise that when there is true understanding of love, compassion comes easy no matter how seemingly easy it is to wash our hands and preserve ourselves.
I am glad the story ended with a hopeful note. I don’t like reading about the Holocaust because it tells me how man can forget basic human truths for the sake of ideology. Tropical Secret is a novel that allows its reader to expand their minds about this part of human history. While it tackles the Holocaust, its effect, it also evens out the playing field and makes us realize how in these tragic stories of human history are stories of love and compassion and a promise of life despite suffering.
There is more that could be written about this book, but I find, overwhelmed as it is by the story, I only touched on the things that I felt was screaming to be written.
For other books written by Margarita Engle, you can check Myra’s review of the author’s Surrender Tree and Firefly Letters and Fats’ review of The Poet Slave of Cuba.
Novels in Verse Reading Challenge Update: 8 of 10
Pingback: November Verse Novel Reviews – Week 4 | For Those Who Know
All across time, there have been epic battles. David vs Goliath, Intel vs Motorola, RAW vs JPEG. And of course, film vs digital. Everybody has opinions on this, so why should I be any different. I took pictures on film for about 20 years before I had my first taste of the art of photography. I shot on film with a Nikon F90X and two lenses: a 24-120 and a 70-300. This past October, I bought a Nikon D80. I really wanted the D200, but since the image sensors are the same and both will be obsolete in three years or so anyway, I put money I saved towards the fantastic Nikkor 18-200 VR lens.
My very first (non-test) photo was of my son eating a snack. With no flash, the D80 went up to ISO1600 with f3.5 and the result was a surprisingly great picture. There is little noise, excellent exposure, and amazing clarity. I couldn’t have done this with my standard (for indoor) Fuji400 film. All hail digital! Right? Not so fast…
I then took the D80 up to a “lookout” point to capture a sunset. It took great pictures, but either the sky was blown-out or the landscape was too dark. I could lighten it with Gimp or Photoshop, but it was already ISO800 and the noise didn’t look so good. I’d never had that trouble with film. Why? Because film over-exposes better than a digital sensor. As it approaches maximum exposure, film begins to slow down. It effectively compresses a large exposure range in to the top end, and does it gently so that colors just desaturate (become less vivid but retain the same hue) to white. This is usually referred to as the “shoulder” of film.
Digital sensors, on the other hand, are linear. They just sit there counting photons (”light bullets”) up to their maximum value at which point they stop. That’s pure white or worse. I say “worse” because red, green, and blue are “counted” separately; a colored source will saturate one of the color chanels first while the others continue to increase. That creates wierd color bands around the overexposed object. Take a look at the following example. It’s a gradient of 2R+1G+0B counting from 0 to 100 and limited to a value of 100 per channel (just like a digital sensor). Note how it’s a nice smooth increase of the same hue until the mid-point, at which time red clips to the maximum value. For the right half, red is now fixed at 100 but green continues to increase, changing the color to magenta (or 1R+1G+0B equivalent).
Film also captures all three colors at every point. Digital sensors (all but Fovian, anyway) capture only one color at each point and then interpolate between them to create a proper RGB image. Film will therefore be sharper than digital if converted at the same number of megapixels. Exactly how many megapixels you can get from a film scan depends on the film being used, but 4000dpi (24 megapixel for 35mm film) is about the theoretical limit. Despite this huge descrepency between film (24MPx3) and digital (10MPx1), for practical purposes the 10MP digital sensors of today are about comparable to common, non-professional film for resolution in the final image. Many lenses cannot resolve finer than this.
Another advantage of film is that it only costs 10x as much to create a negative 10x the size. Increasing today’s digital sensor to 10x the physical size might cost 1000x as much to create, if you could do it at all. That’s why you can find 4×5 inch film cameras but no corresponding digital ones. It’s also why most DSLRs use smaller APS-C size sensors. If you want extreme resolution for billboards or super-sharp, poster-size prints from a single frame, you need big film.
What does all this mean? Over the past months, my basic discovery of digital vs film is this:
It’s easier to capture a good image with digital, but you can get a better capture with film.
Which is more important to you? Me, I’ll stick with my D80 for now and hopefully one day get around to playing with a 4×5 view camera.
0 Responses to “The Generation Gap”
Unit powers on and appears to work good. Pulled from a working environment, however I have no way to fully test this unit. PLEASE LOOK AT ALL PICTURES FOR OVERALL PHYSICAL CONDITION. Looks like channel 1 lightbulb is burned out. There are minor blemishes and staining on the housing here and thereagain please look at pictures. The item “Revox PR99 MKIII Reel To Reel Tape Recorder Works Free Shipping” is in sale since Monday, October 18, 2021. This item is in the category “Consumer Electronics\Vintage Electronics\Vintage Audio & Video\Reel-to-Reel Tape Recorders”. The seller is “chapman.inc” and is located in Salem, Utah. This item can be shipped to United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Australia, Japan, South Korea, Indonesia, South africa, Hong Kong, Bahamas, Israel, New Zealand, Singapore, Switzerland, Norway, Saudi arabia, Ukraine, United arab emirates, Qatar,.
- Brand: Revox
- Type: Tape Recorder
- Custom Bundle: No
- Model: revox pr99 mkiii
- Country/Region of Manufacture: Germany
- Modified Item: No

Abilly tourism and travel guide
Visit Abilly: highlights and tourist informationTo Visit Attractions
Abilly is situated in the Indre-et-Loire department and Loire Valley region (now part of the Centre-Loire Valley region), in the eastern-center of France at 51 kilometres from Tours, the department capital (general information: Abilly is 245 kilometres from Paris).
Popular places to visit nearby include La Roche-Posay at 18 km and Chatellerault at 19 km. For more places to visit and local tourist attractions see the map and listings below.
Abilly, France: places to visit and attractions
Some of the places that we have visited and reviewed and can recommend when you are sightseeing close to Abilly in Centre-Loire Valley.
Note that all distances below are 'direct' and real driving distances will be greater!
... or see ALL recommended places to visit in Indre-et-Loire
Map of places to visit near Abilly
Markets in and near Abilly
- Descartes: market Sunday (5km)
- Le Grand-Pressigny: market Thursday (6km)
- Ligueil: market Monday (13km)
- Preuilly-sur-Claise: market Thursday & Saturday (18km)
- La Roche-Posay: market Tuesday & Friday (18km)
- Chatellerault: market Wednesday & Thursday all day & Saturday (20km)
- Sainte-Maure-de-Touraine: market Friday (21km)
- Manthelan: market Thursday (22km)
- Naintre: market Sunday (28km)
- Loches: market Wednesday all day & Saturday (29km)
More information about Abilly, Loire Valley
Tourist attractions near Abilly, France
Some places with official tourist classifications and other places of interest to visit nearby that should provide inspiration if you are visiting Abilly.
Heritage sites
Most beautiful villages in France
(see also beautiful French villages)
- Angles-sur-l'Anglin (29km)
- Crissay-sur-Manse (30km)
- Montresor (43km)
National Monuments
- Chateau d'Azay-le-Rideau (41km)
Recommended detour towns (fr: plus beau détour)
Regional Natural Parcs
- Brenne (48km)
Churches and religious monuments
- Eglise de Saint Pierre (Chauvigny) (41km)
- Abbaye de Saint Savin sur Gartempe (Saint-Savin-sur-Gartempe) (43km)
Remarkable gardens
- Les jardins du château du Rivau (34km)
- Touffou (37km)
- Les jardins de la Chatonnière (41km)
- Les jardins du château de Villandry (48km)
- Parc et jardins du château de Chenonceau (50km)
Protected historical centre (fr: secteur sauvegardé)
(see also historical French towns)
Sites of natural beauty
- Etangs de la Brenne (48km)
Amusement park / theme park
- Futuroscope (41km)
Towns of Art and history
Geography and distances
Geographical Information
Commune: Abilly
Canton: Descartes
Arrondissement: Loches
Department: Indre-et-Loire
Region: Loire Valley
Postcode: 37160
Distance to Abilly
from Tours (prefecture): 51 km
from Paris: 245 km
from Calais: 453 km
from Nice: 625 km
from Bordeaux: 255 km
from Strasbourg: 555 km
Getting here
Abilly is in the eastern-center of France. Most visitors arrive in one of the cross-channel ports such as Caen and Le Havre (about 3-4 hours drive from here) or fly into Paris and drive south from there. For driving distances to Abilly from anywhere in France see driving distances and route planner.
We have 6 other places listed as being close (less than kilometres from ): Buxeuil, Descartes, Le Grand-Pressigny, Leugny, Neuilly-le-Brignon and Saint-Remy-sur-Creuse.
This page in French: Visiter Abilly
7373 Beechmont Ave, Suite 101 Cincinnati, Ohio 45230
Coverage Area: Ohio,
Office Phone: (513) 624-3030
Mobile Phone: (513) 703-6489
As a 25 year professional in Mortgage Lending, I have been ranked in the top 1% of originators in the country for the past 18 years by the Scotsman Guide and Mortgage Executive Magazine. I graduated from Miami of Ohio with an accounting major and currently live in Cincinnati with my wife, Patricia and our 2 dogs.
For most people, purchasing a home is the largest investment that they will make. With much at stake in the financing aspect, clients appreciate the experience, honesty, and customer care that I offer. I work to keep my clients informed on a continuous basis with to rate changes and opportunities to fit their specific lending needs.
I do much more than originate and close loans. I help my clients manage their home financing through product knowledge with their best interest in mind. My.
My Specialties include: Investment Lending and Owner Occupied Lending, new home purchases, home refinancing, new construction loans, renovation loans, FHA, VA, UDSA, conventional financing and more!
- Team Members
Mortgage Loan Assistants
Damon Grunenberg
Justin Berry
Jennifer Ingala
Kiel O'Connor
Erica Sweeney
Scott Gilbert
- Community InvolvementMiracle Field for special needs Children
BREAKING: ICE Just Arrested 153 ILLEGALS In Massive Texas Raid – You Won’t Believe Who Was Among Them!
ICE agents conducted a massive raid in Texas and arrested 153 illegal immigrants. This was part of a standard enforcement operation that targeted illegal immigrant criminals.
It was a 12-day operation that spanned from March 20 to the 31st. The United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents successfully arrested the large group who were mostly criminals who entered the country illegally through Mexico, were deported, and re-entered.
What most democrats aren’t telling people is that ICE’s primary target is the convicted illegal aliens who have criminal records or are fugitives running from the law.
Another staggering number that liberals won’t want you to know is that many of the immigrants arrested had criminal records that included violent crimes. There’s a huge difference between someone who sells drugs once in a while compared to someone who has a history of violently attacking people. Both are bad in the own ways, but people do drugs by choice, they don’t get attacked by choice.
Some of the crimes committed by the illegal immigrants are quite startling and not exactly the people you would want living next door to your children.
“ICE’s primary immigration enforcement efforts target convicted criminal aliens,” Daniel Bible, field office director for ERO in San Antonio, said in a statement. “Consequently, our operations improve overall public safety by removing these criminals from our streets, and ultimately from our country.”
The most arrests – 62 people – were made in San Antonio, Texas. Another 24 men and women were arrested in Austin, 29 in Laredo and 38 in Harlingen, located in the Rio Grande Valley. Of the more than 150 people taken into custody, 138 were men and 15 were women.
Approximately 137 of the total number had criminal histories that included convictions of aggravated assault with a weapon, aggravated assault of a child, driving under the influence, sexual assault, burglary, robbery, resisting officer, vehicular manslaughter, alien smuggling, domestic violence and drug possession.
Reports state that over 90 percent of the illegal immigrants arrested were from Mexico. Several others were from Honduras, Guatamala, Canada, and El Salvador.
President Trump has given ICE the ability to successfully do their job and it has irritated people. Many people forget that former President Obama has deported mass amounts of people, more than many other Presidents. Democrats didn’t seem to give Obama as much criticism as they are Trump. Obama’s nickname was the “deporter in chief” if that tells you anything about his historic deportation skills.
We have four to eight years of ICE cleaning things up for a safer America. Most people don’t care about illegal immigrants who don’t break the law. The reason is because those immigrants are probably good people. It’s the criminals that everyone should be worried about. America has enough of it’s own criminals, so we should not be asked or expected to willfully harbor the criminals who come from other countries. That’s not our job.
ICE targets criminally active immigrants in hopes to provide a safer country for Americans. Liberals don’t seem to care about safety, which is apparent in their lust for letting every Tom, Dick, and Harry enter the country without vetting or passing immigration protocol.
Or should I call that, Tomas, Ricardo, y el Quique.
Source:
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — The celebration in the Trail Blazers’ locker room after making the playoffs for the fifth straight season was one of relief more than excitement.
First goal accomplished. Now Portland heads out on the road with more work to do.
.”
CJ McCollum added 20 points and another nine assists for Portland, which is still holding on to third place in the Western Conference with five games remaining.
The Blazers, who have won four of their last five, embark on a four-game trip starting Tuesday night in Dallas.
Rookie Dillon Brooks had 28 points for Memphis, which sits second-to-last in the West. Brooks was one point shy of his season high.
“Yeah, my teammates wanted me to get it,” said Brooks, who played at Oregon. “That was on me, I missed two open layups.”
Portland led 103-80 in the fourth quarter, but the Grizzlies went on a 13-0 run capped by Brooks’ jumper with 4:19 left, pulling within 10. That led Stotts to re-insert his starters.
Marquis Teague’s basket got Memphis within eight points, but the Blazers took over with back-to-back 3-pointers from Evan Turner and Al-Farouq Aminu to extend Portland’s lead to 113-95 with 1:12 left. That sent the starters back to the Blazers’ bench for good.
Marc Gasol started for the Grizzlies, but his minutes were limited because of a left groin injury. He finished with seven points and five rebounds in 20 minutes.
MarShon Brooks, who had 21 points against the Blazers in a 108-103 victory in Memphis on Wednesday, was out with a left ankle injury. Coach J.B. Bickerstaff also sat JaMychal Green (knee soreness), Candler Parsons (rest) and Andrew Harrison, who missed this third game with a right wrist/left shoulder injury.
Portland’s loss to the Grizzlies earlier this week spoiled a three-game road trip. But the Blazers were without Lillard, who didn’t play because he was back in Portland awaiting the birth of his son. Damian Lillard Jr. was born Thursday morning.
The Blazers were without backup center Ed Davis, who rolled his ankle during the Blazers’ 105-96 victory over the Clippers on Friday night. Portland said X-rays and an MRI on the ankle were both negative. Davis is expected to miss up to 14 days.
The Blazers led by 15 points in the first quarter, but Memphis closed the gap in the second. Ben McLemore hit a jumper to get the Grizzlies to 48-47, then had a layup for the lead.
Portland wrestled it back and went into halftime up 55-51. Lillard led all scorers with 13 points in the first two quarters.
McCollum’s 3-pointer stretched the Blazers’ lead to 72-61 midway through the third, and his dunk later made it 79-63.
Portland led 98-75 going into the final quarter, and Portland’s starters, with the exception of McCollum, went to the bench.
“For our guys to come back, cut the lead and force them to have to bring their starters back into the game, talks about the character of our guys and that young group. They didn’t lay down, they continued to fight, I think that’s where you start,” Bickerstaff said. “When you’re trying to build a program and move forward, you need competitive guys and I think we’re starting on the right track.”
TIP INS:
Grizzlies: Tyreke Evans was not with the team in Portland because of personal reasons. … Brooks was greeted with warm applause during player introductions. “This is a great state. Greats fans, people. They cheer for their Trail Blazers and they cheer for their Ducks. Feels great,” he said afterward.
Trail Blazers: Portland’s 43 third-quarter points tied the season high for points in a quarter. … Turner and Aminu each had 14 points.
This article brought to you by the Associated Press. Written By Anne M. Peterson. View original article HERE
Ponzi Scheme in the Hill Stole Millions from Elderly Victims
Two, stole their customers' real estate, stocks, and life insurance annuities and used them to pay for their business or for personal items, according to the U.S. Attorney's office. They also used the money to pay off old customers who falsely believed they were seeing returns on their investments.
See also: St. Louis Funeral Scam: Father, Son Plead Guilty In $600 Million Ponzi Scheme
Palmer and Driver, who ran Princeton Partnership LLC at Marconi Street and Daggett Avenue -- face four felony charges of mail and wire fraud, each of which carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and/or fines up to $250,000.
Here's how the scheme worked:
- In 2004, Palmer convinced a family who had received money from the death of an elderly aunt to transfer some or all of that money to Princeton Partnership.
- In 2005, Palmer took money from an elderly woman and her family by saying he would invest her money into a real estate investment for her benefit.
- From 2006 to 2010, Palmer convinced two elderly sisters to transfer their investment funds over to Princeton so he could make investments with the money. The sisters transferred that money and control of their stock holdings. Palmer and Driver sold and liquidated the stocks and spent the money on themselves and their business. Later, they also convinced one sister to liquidate a life insurance policy and give the money to Princeton Partnership.
- In 2006, Driver convinced an elderly woman to invest her privately held funds in four life insurance annuities through Princeton Partnership. A few years later, he told her to liquidate three of them and give the money to Driver under the false representation that he would invest it to her benefit.
- From 2007 to 2009, Driver took investment funds and control of stock from an elderly woman.
Palmer and Driver will be sentenced in September. The FBI, the Postal Inspection Service and the Missouri Secretary of State's Office investigated the case.
Follow Lindsay Toler on Twitter at @StLouisLindsay. E-mail the author at Lindsay.Toler@RiverfrontTimes.com.
Sponsor Content
Discover all the facts that no one tells you about Dave Coulier below ↓
1. Bio
Dave Coulier, best known for being a TV Actor, was born in Detroit, Michigan, USA on Monday, September 21, 1959..
Family: He married Jayne Modean in 1990, and the couple had a son named Luc Coulier later that year. In July 2014, he married Melissa Bring. Dave Coulier father’s name is Dave Coulier and mother Arlen Coulier. We will continue to update details on Dave Coulier’s family.
Education: David Alan Coulier attended Notre Dame High School, Harper Woods, MI (1977).
Dating: According to CelebsCouples, Dave Coulier is married Melissa Bring.
Net Worth: Online estimates of Dave Coulier’s net worth vary. It’s easy to predict his income, but it’s much harder to know how much he has spent over the years. CelebsMoney and NetWorthStatus does a good job of breaking most of it down.
2. Dave Coulier’s zodiac sign is Virgo
Dave Coulier 62 years old
The American tv actor has been alive for 22,694 days or 544,655 hours. There were precisely 769 full moons after his birth to this day.
Dave Coulier was born on a Monday. People born on Mondays are motherly, sensitive, adaptive, and kind.
4. On Dave Coulier "Sleep Walk" by Santo & Johnny.. Dave Coulier’s height and weight
We’re currently in process of confirming all details such as Dave Coulier’s height, weight, and other stats. If there is any information missing, we will be updating this page soon. If you any have tips or corrections, please send them our way.
Height
Weight
Misc
6. The Year of the Pig
Dave Cou. Dave Cou
Dave Coulier was born in the middle of Baby Boomers Generation.
9. Dave Coulier’s birthstone is SapphireSapphire was once thought to guard against evil and poisoning. It was believed that a venomous snake would die if placed in a vessel made of sapphire.
10. Dave Cou.